A "nice Belgian kid" was killed in an earlier rhino chase, as was
Brandy's father; now the Indian was nearly killed. A 19-year-old
Ah Loong (who also called himself "Jason") is in charge of a
stall selling unlicensed VCDs. A Boney appears, and begins eating
Grigio, who has finally given up. A British parliamentary
delegation is dispatched to the village of Laxdale - a loosely
disguised Applecross - in the Scottish Highlands where the
residents are protesting at their poor links with the outside
world. A Chinese junk arrives, and the crew proceed to loot the
ship. A Day before the finals the cheerleading group of East
Great Falls arrive and catch Matt in band camp uniform and tease
him by taking a photo and sharing it on the internet. A French-
Canadian girl is a champion bronc rider and is also a nightclub
singer. A German artillery shell lands near the limping-running
Madison, making him the first American casualty on Omaha Beach. A
Kiwi-Asian, Emily considers herself a banana (yellow on the
outside, white on the inside), but her father Dr Chu has a
different perspective, and his past threats of disownment on her
sister hangs over Emily's head. A Mexican boy named Raoul helps
him get a job as a lifeguard and singer at a local hotel. A Romeo
and Juliet story set in Auckland, New Zealand, Emily Chu
(Michelle Ang) is the daughter of traditional Chinese parents,
whose only wishes are that she marries a good Chinese boy and
becomes a doctor. A Russian folk version "Tsarevna Lyagushka"
(The Frog Princess) has the male and female roles reversed: the
male prince Ivan Tsarevich discovers the enchanted female frog
who becomes Vasilisa the Wise, a female sorceress. A Russian
inventor by the name Ivan Kouznetsoff travels to England to
introduce the British shipping industry to his newly invented and
improved propeller blade. A Seattle morning show weather girl,
after learning her boyfriend has cheated on her, freaks out on-
air and quits. A Secret Service agent assigned to protect Maria
tells her uncle of the relationship. A West Point cadet falls in
love with a girl who sings in his brother's band. A baby girl is
at the Chicago hospital and Cas is asked for an explanation. A
bachelor, Vronsky is eager to marry her if she will agree to
leave her husband Karenin, a senior government official, but she
is vulnerable to the pressures of Russian social norms, the moral
laws of the Russian Orthodox Church, her own insecurities, and
Karenin's indecision. A basketball fan enters the restaurant and
informs the group of an odd occurrence during the traditional
singing of "The Star-Spangled Banner" prior to that night's New
York Knicks game at Madison Square Garden. A battle ensues with
Rothbart overpowering Derek. A bawdy singer, Lady Lou (Mae West),
works in the Bowery barroom saloon of her boss and benefactor,
Gus Jordan (Noah Beery), who has given her many diamonds. A
beautiful hand takes his and then leaves, with Orville in pure
bliss. A beautiful witch named Samantha (Elizabeth Montgomery)
meets and marries a mortal named Darrin Stephens (originally Dick
York, later Dick Sargent). A beautiful young violinist named
Amelia Cornell (Olivia de Havilland) is a student at the
prestigious Brissac Academy of Music in New York City. A bell on
the Christmas tree rings, and his daughter recalls a story that
says the sound means that an angel has just earned his wings,
signifying Clarence's promotion. A betrayed and wounded Jjaks is
left helpless. A bit later, Dick leaves to tell his father about
his relationship with Nora and break off the engagement to
Frances, which Dick has not told Nora about. A blonde fortune
hunter, Joyce Mannering (Marilyn Monroe), is trying to attract
Victor, but he's only interested in winning back Miriam. A board
meeting between the show's staff—including Rose, who speaks out
in Celeste's defense—takes place thereafter, where David insists
that she be fired, but he is quickly overruled as the situation
has not only resulted in positive press for the show, but has
generated a great deal of public sympathy for Celeste. A brawl
ensues as guests try to stop Elaine and Benjamin from leaving
together. A brief scene where Nick sees Vada wearing a mood ring,
which has ties to her late friend, Thomas, also appears in the
movie for continuity. A broken man, Taylor tells his friend Ned
to forget the bet. A business client from Akron, Ohio, Cass
Henderson (Dean Jones), comes to town and is unable to find a
hotel room for the night. A candle floats up from the table and
Howard grabs it to try to discern what trickery is at play, but
is astounded to find no apparent subterfuge. A career bank
robber, Jack Foley, and aS. A career girl's husband gets jealous
when her sexist boss is too flirtatious, so she gives up her job.
A catastrophe appears on the horizon when all the characters
check into a quaint hideaway hotel in the French countryside for
the weekend, unaware of each other's presence. A chain-smoking,
abrasive Sam is overly eager to please. A chase ensues, and Tiana
and Naveen escape to a bayou. A chase first at the train station,
then in the train, finally at a family in the middle of nowhere
leads them - Drake and Miss Higgins - to find the true necklace,
and with it between the two a romantic story has evolved. A chase
scene occurs between Brick and the four heroes (Bryan, Lani,
Tonya, and Ernesto) and ends with the group making a hasty escape
in Ernesto's helicopter, only to later crash-land by a fishing
village. A check drops down by which Cindy pays off her
(enormous) psychiatry bill to Rosenberg, to which he remarks:
"She has become a responsible person. A chorus girl, Gloria
Winters, is overjoyed that wealthy young Randy Bradford is so
eager to marry her, he's asked her to elope. A city mission (a
thinly disguised Salvation Army) is located next door to the bar.
A classmate later obtains the suicide note from police records
and publishes it in the school newspaper. A clearly baffled
Moustache looks at Lord X, and then at the audience. A cloud of
paper airplanes forces him toward a nearby train station and onto
a train, much to his confusion. A college recruiter witnesses his
good performance and wants to talk to him later. A combat film
will document the death, and the casualty will be buried in a
"Tomb of the Unknown Sailor". A comedy about marriage and
everything relating to it. A comedy of errors ensues, including
the return of Lisa's older brother, Red, on the run from drug
dealers. A comedy of errors, nighttime interludes with drunken
family behavior, the arrogant boyfriend making a move at Jerry,
follows with the rescue of the damsel in distress who has also
somehow misplaced her keys where some delightful flirting ensues,
resulting in Jerry falling in love with Wade. A comedy of
manners, the film centers on virtuous actress Patty O'Neill, who
meets playboy architect Donald Gresham on the top of the Empire
State Building and accepts his invitation to join him for drinks
and dinner in his apartment. A complication arises when Freddy
decides to rehire her. A complication arises when Germaine
Dupont, Countess de la Corbe (Olivia De Havilland), arrives at
the inn soon after. A complication arises when Tommy Gray (Alan
Mowbray), a lifelong friend of Godfrey's, recognizes him at a tea
party thrown by Irene. A complication arises when he falls in
love with Kay a second time. A confirmed bachelor, he sees a lot
of women and gains the envy of his closest friends. A
confrontation involving all at a train station results in Paula
being slapped by Margot, then finally figuring out that her
husband has been faithful to her all along. A contrite Don shows
up at the audition for a replacement actor. A cosy session of
listening to gramophone records and kissing (enough for Jenny on
a first date) develops at Patrick's behest into heavy petting,
which Patrick takes for granted will lead to the bedroom. A
couple months later, Billy and Diana call Archie and Paddy to
announce they are getting married. A couple, Fred (Henry Kendall)
and Emily Hill (Joan Barry), living a mundane middle-class life
in London, receive a letter informing them that an uncle will
give them, as an advance against their future inheritance, as
much money as they need to enjoy themselves in the present. A
crestfallen Gidget tells him that she doesn't love him but they
agree to be friends. A date with Chris Smith leads Lainey to run
into Matt and his now pregnant wife. A day after Wai-Tung's
parents arrive, he announces that Wei-Wei and he are planning to
get their marriage certificate at city hall. A day after the crew
lands, the sandstorms arrive ahead of schedule. A day before the
wedding, Molly's father, Bob Thompson (Michael Douglas), who is
also CEO of the company that Carl works for, makes a toast with
humorous remarks at Carl's expense, foreshadowing a conflict
between the two. A day later, Beth succinctly dispatches James
when he shows up at her apartment. A daytime soap opera star has
to deal with his sexist ideas when he falls for his new co-star,
a woman who seemingly follows his manly ideas about dating. A
dazzled Donnie begins pursuing her again, finally winning over
Venice without ever knowing of her ruse. A deal called the
Pelican Package is half the normal cost if they can get three
other couples to join them. A despondent Bruce walks alone on a
highway, asking God to take back His powers and letting his fate
be in His hands. A destitute Connie, trying to find a shelter,
gets inadvertently swept aboard a train at Grand Central
Terminal. A determined Steve and his friend, Carlos Ramirez,
follow her there, but are denied entrance to the all-female
school. A disappointed Ben follows her out and she admits the
full story. A disappointed Evie spends the day with a trio of
older spinster postmasters, but cheers up when Harry returns,
offering to take her to dinner and show her the apartment he
rented in Greenwich Village. A discussion between the two men
prompts Jake to go to Anna's office building, with Brian shouting
encouragement at him as he runs down the street. A disheartened
Laney reluctantly dresses up after some persuasion from her
father Wayne (Kevin Pollak) and goes to the dance with Dean when
he shows up at her house in a tuxedo to invite her again to be
his prom date. A disillusioned Christie also decides to move on.
A distressed Emily swears off taking in any more tramps, to the
delight of the rest of the family. A distressed Fitzgibbon then
runs away, leading to a search. A distressed Kathy tries to run
away as well, but Don proudly announces to the audience that
she's "the real star of the film". A doctor confirms that Sandy
is pregnant, but it is an ectopic pregnancy and will result in a
miscarriage. A doctor informs Dex that what he thought was a
heart attack was merely heartburn, but cautions him that his
lifestyle is endangering his health. A drama about two sisters,
Jacqueline and June, who are very close and stand by each other,
even though their stories separates them. A drunk Corky sees
this, and after Jo goes below, he sneaks up behind Tony and kicks
him off the boat. A drunk Gerard goes to the roof and attempts
suicide, but George talks him out of it by telling him to "jump
tomorrow". A drunk Neil has an accidental meeting with Dodie and
invites her onto the yacht. A drunk Paco, the family's chauffeur,
demands that Bill and Connie dance a tango. A drunk Waldo then
shows up, punches Charles in the nose and carries a delighted
Irene off. A drunken Henry drags the mannequin, Carole (for
Carole Lombard), all over town; only to meet the police, Effie
and her lawyer waiting for him at home. A drunken Tom then runs
into Margaret, one of his Zingerman's co-workers and has the
chance to have sex with her, but opts out. A drunken college
student invites a dance hostess to the big college dance and then
forgets he asked her. A dying Harry reveals to his daughter the
location of the map piece: on his scalp. A dystopian love story
in a Texas wasteland and set in a community of cannibals. A fed
up Libby puts the engagement ring on a table, telling Whit
"nobody's perfect" and storms out with Jake. A feisty Irishwoman
named Molly Kelly (Patsy Kelly) helps a truck driver named Cecil
Callahan (Guinn Williams) to become a professional boxer. A
female marriage counselor and a male depression expert try to
solve the marital problems of a troubled couple. A feud in their
columns erupts over baseball, and their editor tells them that he
will not stand for an intramural feud at his paper. A few days
before the Pan-Pacifics, Fran's family decide they are ready to
dance pasodoble. A few days before the wedding, Aditi has an
affair with her old lover, her married boss Vikram. A few days
later Bab learns that the play with her idol is in town, so she
borrows money to see a performance with her hero. A few days
later Mary and Fran are at another of Mary’s weddings and Fran
teases her for her dreamy look before Mary tells her about her
movie date. A few days later they run into each other at a flea
market and hit it off, winding up back at Eli's place where Tom
spends the night. A few days later, Andy's friend Susie comes to
distribute posters for a "spinster skip" dance, to which the
girls are to invite the boys. A few days later, Ely discovers
Bruce 2 waiting for Naomi in the hallway and offers him a drink
while waiting as she probably forgot about their rendezvous. A
few days later, John and Kate agree to be friends, and John
resolves to be honest. A few days later, Lauren is back with both
her mother and stepfather, preparing to leave for home. A few
days later, Leo is away, and Otto turns up. A few days later,
Mikey uses the toilet and calls his parents, who are immensely
proud of him. A few days later, a depressed Harold gets a letter
from the publisher, but just rips it up without opening it,
assuming that it is a rejection notice. A few hours later, Nina
gives birth to a beautiful girl she names Molly. A few month
later, Art's gallery has experienced a dramatic turnaround
(Gloria owns and manages it, and Art is the artist) and is now
very successful. A few months later, Dick and Alice throw Augie
and Isolde a party in anticipation of the arrival of the new
baby. A few months later, a total of six newborn babies arrive,
Rose having had twins. A few months later, by chance, Donna runs
into Christine in Cleveland. A few months later, despite
opposition from Sarah's rich family, they get married. A few
months thereafter, Jason and Mary Jane break up over their
differing feelings about children, and both Julie and Jason
return to dating others. A few nights later, Orville is
distraught knowing that Zelda intends to divorce him. A few
tricks are played on the parents to make them believe Tod and
Gertrude are serious, but just as they are about to return to
their former partners, the two realize they actually have fallen
for one another. A few weeks later Sally goes to the apartment of
a colleague. A few weeks later, Deborah suggests to Noah that she
may be pregnant, and he admits that she was pregnant all along. A
few weeks later, Henry is preparing to leave for his sailing
trip. A fight between Tiffany and Chucky ensues. A fight breaks
out when they try to get it back. A fight breaks out, and Robert
knocks Elliott unconscious. A fight ensues between them until
Johnny kills him and hangs him. A fight ensues, during which
Mordechai is killed and Morgan is shot, while Shaw secretly finds
the piece and keeps it to himself. A fight ensues, with both of
them falling into the pool. A fight erupts when he finds Armand
already there. A fight nearly breaks out between the two, but is
broken up. A film Agatha made about the dangers of restricting
intellectual freedom is to be shown on campus to celebrate her
legacy, but the reactionary Griswold forces Merrill to cancel the
showing. A film plays complete with titles and synchronized
sound, entitled "Goodby, [sic] Gladys". A fire breaks out,
engulfing Omar's stage. A flashback shows us that Pitka is an
orphan of missionaries in India. A flirtatious mrs Peignoir tries
to charm Basil that night while Sybil is away, and he is very
jumpy in the evening. A former Supreme Court telephone operator,
Mary takes her first call from David Paxton (Don Taylor), a
fishing expert who insists on speaking to the President about a
political issue involving a small Pacific island. A former
cocaine addict, she is an unsuccessful actress who cannot settle
on a career. A frantic Georgina spends £150 on a blanket, to the
surprise of her mother, before leaving the store. A free-for-all
ensues in which the brothers dominate their physically weaker
townie rivals. A friend of his wife who sees it, think it’s a
blonde girl Henry is having an affair with. A friendly clerk at
the hotel recognizes him from the paper and offers him room 2A. A
frustrated Dolly tells both she just wants to live alone. A
frustrated Parisian driver cuts in between them; Daniel jumps up
so as he can see Lauren. A funeral is held for Sam, where
everyone shows up except for Pike. A furious Derek confronts
Rothbart, ordering him to revive Odette. A further sequel is
planned. A girl (Garland) and her friend (Bartholomew) go to
great lengths to prevent her widowed mother from marrying the
wrong person. A girl called Katie tries to talk to Stifler, but
he brushes her off. A good-looking man (Mulhall) along with six
black musicians came aboard. A grateful Amy then decides that
wherever he goes, Key is the man for her. A grateful mr Matuschek
gives everyone their bonuses and sends them home early. A groom
and his four groomsmen wrestle with issues such as fatherhood,
homosexuality, honesty and growing up in the week leading up to
his wedding. A group of American coeds/flappers arrives at the
Hotel Venitien on the French Riviera. A group of CIA officers
watch a video presentation of a top-secret project called
"Crossbow": a space shuttle mounted with a computer-guided laser
weapon capable of incinerating a man on the ground with pinpoint
accuracy. A group of Russian volunteers, including the suicidal
Vronsky, depart from Russia to fight in the Orthodox Serbian
revolt that has broken out against the Turks. A group of bachelor
professors (one was a widower) have lived together for some years
in a New York City residence, compiling an encyclopedia of all
human knowledge. A group of college students from Los Angeles
travel to Palm Springs to spend the Easter weekend there. A group
of new "Junior Plastics" has arisen, and Cady imagines them being
hit by a bus. A gun battle ensues between the police force and
the terrorists. A gunsmith, who is the great-grandson of the
gunsmith from the story, wanted to bring the pistol back to where
it belongs. A half-Tahitian, half-Caucasian girl, Mimi's dream is
to someday leave this world to live in America. A hazardous dive
produces a chest of priceless jewels, which the Prince plans to
claim as his own. A heartthrob singer, Tony Paige, also known as
"America's Boyfriend" decides to wed a Swedish actress. A heated
argument between Jim and Thorndyke is settled when Carole
persuades Thorndyke to drop the charges if Jim buys the car on a
system of monthly payments. A heated argument ensues before Zach
storms off. A heatwave has hit Torquay, bringing Basil's
incompetence—not to mention his intolerance—to an all-time high.
A high-powered consultant (Renée Zellweger) in love with her
upscale Miami lifestyle is sent to New Ulm, Minnesota, to oversee
the restructuring of a blue-collar manufacturing plant. A
highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is
immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs. A hit man tosses Bloom a
phone, and Diamond Dog confirms that it is real. A hopeless
romantic, her quest leads her to Benjie (Richard Gutierrez), a
cargo pilot who offers her the love she truly yearns. A horde of
cleaners tidy up, and the place is made into an inviting canteen,
all courtesy of "Somebody". A horrified Frankie refuses, and
Maggie later bites her tongue repeatedly in an attempt to bleed
to death, but the medical staff saves her and takes measures to
prevent further suicide attempts. A housemaid (Margaret Hamilton)
who once worked for Praetorius reacts visibly when Elwell asks
her about Praetorius's mysterious friend mr Shunderson, who
rarely leaves Praetorius's side and has a deep, intuitive
understanding of human and animal nature. A housewife and mother
of two, Sandy (Catherine Zeta-Jones), discovers that her husband
has been unfaithful. A humiliated Carla bursts into tears,
screaming at everyone to stop laughing at her. A hurt Doris
leaves and invites Roz over for comfort. A hypochondriac, he goes
to his doctor complaining of hearing loss, and is frightened by
the possibility that it might be a brain tumor. A jealous Maerose
travels there on her own to establish for a fact that Irene has
double-crossed the organization. A journalist and press
photographer call to do a feature on him. A jovial countryside
land called Happy Valley, kept alive at all times by a singing
harp, is suddenly plagued by a severe drought and falls into
turmoil and depression after the harp is stolen from the castle
by a mysterious assailant (and also nicknamed "Gruesome Gulch").
A ladies' man, Stroker tries to seduce the beautiful Pembrook,
who is a Sunday School teacher, does not drink, and is a virgin.
A large packaged box arrives at their house addressed to Lynn
with Chris' home address on it. A large piece of granite lands
directly on the button, along with Coach Foley's ashes. A larger
nationwide paper picks up the story, and soon the town is
crawling with reporters. A later act of vandalism leads to yet
another arrest. A later newspaper headline states that Governor
Hall has decided to run for president. A lawyer (whom they
dodged, mistakenly believing he was trying to add to their woes)
finally manages to inform Jimmy of the terms of his grandfather's
will. A leading pop star is kidnapped in swinging London. A
lengthy section of the book is assigned to a trip with Julian to
London, which includes a trawl around the strip-clubs of Soho, a
visit to the apartment of two of Julian's lady friends, followed
by a night on the town for the four of them, in which Patrick has
altogether too much to drink. A light's life woman (Margarita), a
romantic man (Armand) and a father who allows his son to choose
his partner freely,. A little boy called Antoine is frequently
seen in the same places Graham happens to be. A little later the
women run into Jules and get conversation going about sexual
harassment from men. A little later, when Robert regains
consciousness, he is appalled to see Celine playing a sleazy
sexual role-playing game with Elliott. A little tipsy herself,
Dottie falls off a diving board of her swimming pool at home. A
local outlaw named "Texas Jack" (Larry Storch) becomes jealous of
the attraction to Leslie shown by showgirl Lily Olay (Dorothy
Provine) and a saloon brawl ensues. A lonely Maggie is determined
to persuade Peter they should be more than just friends, and
Sarah's not as happy with her life as she appears. A lonesome
Harold is left on the beach, demanding that the film shouldn't
finish and asking the audience to stick around to see what's
going to happen next. A longtime fan, she succumbs to Dino's
charms and allows him to seduce her, persuading him how perfect
Orville's song would be for him at the same time. A lot of
inhabitants who read the article start demanding that the city
council build on the designated land to save the reputation of
the town. A love triangle (or quadrangle) soon develops. A love
triangle develops between Gary, Rick and Karen (Diane Franklin).
A love triangle is formed. A luxury car with classy chauffeurs
also appears, and the delighted young girl cat goes aboard. A
made-over Katherine/Devlin then meets with Danny and Palmer and
gives them her blessing. A major problem is his chief rival
Grocer, whose effort to cartelize the hitman business puts him at
potentially lethal odds as he is unaffiliated. A man (Dan
Seymour) takes Jeff aside and hands over a great deal of money. A
man (Steve Coogan) who runs an alibi agency, a service for
adulterous husbands and wives that provides airtight alibis, runs
into trouble with his latest client. A man comes to take Frank. A
man is murdered and two thugs, McGurk (Nestor Paiva) and Sperry
(Robert Barrat), steal a map to a gold mine. A man standing
nearby rushes in and pulls her away just before the dumpster
crashes. A man tries to snatch her handbag and injures her, so
she goes to hospital. A masked man in black follows them across
the sea and up the Cliffs of Insanity, whereupon Vizzini orders
Inigo to stop him. A masked young dandy goes to an ornate dance
hall, where he finds a young woman to be his dance partner. A
meeting is called to decide his fate and mr Tyson tells him that
he himself started out in the mail room and Darryl should too, if
he serves one year duty in the mail room, he will score the
position of junior analyst. A military brat, she prioritizes
discipline and motivation and disdains 'civilians' who lack these
qualities. A military technical adviser for the film,S. A minor
arc in the film tells part of the story of Norma (Maureen
O'Sullivan) and Evan (Lloyd Nolan). A modern comedy about the
everyday perils of first year medical residents at a shabby south
Florida hospital. A montage of happily laughing faces ends the
film. A month later a repentant Lucinda appears and confesses the
terrible nature of her gifts. A month later they are married and
they both live happily ever after. A month later, Charles
receives an invitation to Carrie's wedding. A month later,
Elizabeth's class aces the test and she wins the bonus, giving
her the funds needed to get her breasts enlarged. A month later,
Hank breaks out of jail with Butch and Mike and warns Mugs (Leo
Gorcey), the leader of the Eastside Kids, and the rest of the
group that the gangsters are after Danny for getting them
arrested. A month later, Judy finds that she is pregnant. A month
later, their honeymoon is interrupted when he has to return to
the city to deal with a lawsuit. A month of each pretending to be
the other ensues and they have to learn what it's really like to
be in the other person's shoes. A mother tells her daughter a
real life fairy tale of a "Princess Charming" and her Sleeping
Beauty. A movie also has been made based on this book. A mr
Emerson interrupts their "peevish wrangling," offering to swap
rooms as he and his son, George Emerson, look over the Arno. A
mud bowl ensues and Ed blows out his knee on the last play. A
mystery develops as she enters the house and sees a portrait of a
beautiful Polynesian woman in royal trappings. A natural, she
fights her way up in the women's amateur boxing division with
Frankie's coaching, winning many of her lightweight bouts with
first-round knockouts. A nearby cop makes Buster pay for the
monkey and take its body with him. A nearby news reporter
overhears their conversation and finds out that Amy is a "war
bride", which, considering that Johnny is about to marry a
socialité that weekend, is big news. A neglected wife turns to an
astrologer, who tells her she will meet and fall in love with a
handsome stranger, much to the dismay of her astronomer husband.
A neighbour releases Celine from the truck. A nervous Justin
doesn't seem to want to go through with it. A new arrival comes
in the form of clean-cut English student Michael Carrington
(Maxwell Caulfield) (a cousin of Sandy Olsson from the previous
film). A new house Eddie is building is adding to his financial
and emotional woes. A now desperate Dean Clinton asks Caroline to
go out with Steve and ensure that he arrives back at Victoria
after the curfew. A nurse, Katie (Jane Greer), must decide
whether she should marry for love or money. A pair of Fifth
columnists hope to steal the rangefinder but are defeated by
Snuffy's wife Lowizie, Snuffy's invisible dog and his hillbilly
neighbours. A pampered Manhattanite, Desiree Harper (Morris), is
shunned from her circle of well-heeled friends when her husband,
Wade Harper (Stephen Hogan), a successful plastic surgeon,
announces he wants a divorce. A panic ensues, with the local
newspaper printing the story and commissioning testing of the
water supply. A panting Dennis almost "hits the wall" but after
an emotional epiphany, his goal to complete the race is restored.
A parade of cars follow them to "Paradise Road" to watch the
race. A parallel story within the novel is that of Konstantin
Levin, a wealthy country landowner who wants to marry Princess
Kitty, sister to Dolly and sister-in-law to Anna's brother
Oblonsky. A parson comes to supper as well. A penniless acting
group stranded in Paris is saved by a millionaire. A perfect
choice is found, but she is not in school, resulting in various
hijinks. A person in the audience jeers that the French want him
to teach them how to act. A photographer snaps their picture
getting off the train. A pie fight ensues involving the racers,
the Prince's men and the conspirators. A police raid breaks up
the meeting. A poor songwriter from the south, Barry Holmes,
travels to New York City to be a success, bringing with him his
prize possession: his piano. A popular actress (Shelly) and a
rock star (McNeil) come to a small Canadian town with two
competing hotels next door to each other. A popular dance hall
girl, Duchess, joins with a gambler nicknamed the "Dirtwater Fox"
on the way to Salt Lake City, Utah. A post-World War II feel-good
movie, It Happened in Brooklyn begins in England at the end of
the war. A prank involving peanut butter, a blindfolded Doug's
genitals and a basset hound goes awry, requiring the groomsmen
and Nadia to rush Doug to a hospital. A private investigator
arrives and witnesses the scene. A problem that only escalates
when Peter inadvertently projectile-vomits on Barry after winning
a beer-drinking contest and is kicked out of Barry's house. A
reconciliation follows, coupled with a vow to stay together come
what may. A recurring gag involves Zach throwing objects,
representing his past affairs, into a lake. A redheaded American
girl from New York finds herself in a love triangle in the City
of Light (Paris, France). A refugee, she has no passport and is
forced to stay in his cabin during the voyage. A rehearsal of the
wedding ceremony is scheduled for 5 o'clock. A rejected Dottie
goes back to her original plan to ruin him. A related subplot has
Kathryn conniving to get her parents (played by John Boles and
Mary Astor) to reconcile. A relationship develops between them,
and they eventually make love, but it results in heartache for
Kat when the wife returns and her illusion of an actual
relationship with Tim is shattered. A relieved Jessup plans to
show him off during his Senate testimony as the "first man on
Omaha Beach", a sailor. A reluctant George ends up inviting to
his room a saleswoman who calls herself "Heather Leather". A
repentant Miles rushes to save Marylin from Wheezy Joe, but
Marilyn has already offered to pay him double to kill Miles
instead. A reporter is called in to assist Finch out of his
dilemma. A researcher finally locates a living heir named Ralph
Jones (John Goodman), an American. A restless Vincent inserts
himself onto their set through his friend and casting director
Deborah Whitton, who is tutor to the young filmmakers. A review
in The Age characterizes Spring as the antithesis of Helen
Fielding's fictional character Bridget Jones. A rival and former
student of Higgins, a Hungarian phonetician named Zoltan
Karpathy, is employed by the hostess to discover Eliza's origins
through her speech. A rival racer proves a sore loser and punches
Eddie. A rivalry soon develops between Murphy and Bobby Jack. A
romance begins to blossom, despite Johnny's determination to
remain free of entanglements. A romance develops, with Prince
Metternich and his army of spies intending to use the situation
to further his own agenda. A romantic comedy, set on Cape Cod in
1905, about three 70-year-old retired sea captains who try to
lure an attractive, middle-aged woman into marriage. A romantic
interlude between Foley and Sisco takes place in a Detroit hotel,
but the question of whether she is really pursuing Foley to
arrest him or for love ends in a showdown during the robbery at
Ripley's home and adds to "the fun" Foley claims they are having.
A rough and tumble flight across country result in a number of
surprises, not the least of which is that Marvin discovers he
cares for the tag-along Miss Dillwood. A ruckus causes Payne to
become enmeshed in the world of Miss Dillwood. A sanity hearing
is scheduled to determine who should control the Deeds' fortune.
A school dance substitutes for the ball, with the role of the
glass slipper filled by a Zune. A scientist (Brie Larson) creates
genetically modified rice with her father (Scott Bakula), and
their boss (Donald Sutherland) sends them to India to sell it to
rural farmers. A sea fight ensues, during which Shaw escapes and
Ainslee, his men and Reed are killed by cannon fire. A second bag
of cash is taken from the vault by the armoured-courrier service
owner, who will report all the cash missing, and make false
insurance and IRS claims. A second later, the door opens and
Spike pokes his head out, helps Jerry out of his house and laughs
even more evilly as he withdraws inside to. A second version of
the short was produced replacing Bergen with narration by
Sterling Holloway, as a stand-alone short in such venues as the
1980s TV show, Good Morning, Mickey. A self-described bookworm,
Katey is not very happy about having to move to a different
country during her senior year of high school, as she had been
planning to attend Radcliffe College, although the rest of her
family seem extremely pleased to be in Cuba. A serial killer is
on the loose in Los Angeles, so when the apartment of classical
singer Joan Spruance (Barkin) is ransacked and she starts
receiving threatening phone messages, Joan moves into the
Hollywood Hills home of her sister, Andy (D'Angelo). A series of
'' group exercises leads Brendan and Leo to develop a friendship.
A series of comical mishaps ensue, leading to resolution of the
misunderstanding. A series of events highlights the difference
between O’Malley and Fitzgibbon’s styles, as they deal with
events like a parishioner being evicted and a young woman named
Carol James (Jean Heather) having run away from home. A series of
events, including overhearing her colleagues' thoughts about her
and seeing a Doris Day marathon, ultimately give way to an
epiphany and prompt her to reevaluate her approach and undergo a
transformation to "get in touch with her feminine side". A series
of flashback scenes shows much younger versions of the two of
them as lovers. A series of misunderstandings leads to a series
of pranks aimed at each other. A series of suspicious accidents
and mishaps then leads to Bob being arrested as a suspect in the
murder of Serge, but he is rescued by the American ambassador
(André Morell) and Inspector Dupont (Yves Brainville), who tell
him that Serge used his manuscript to reveal the identities of
counterfeiters who had infiltrated their way into high offices in
the French government, which is why he was murdered. A series of
unfortunate events take place from this moment on. A series of
unfortunate events that night leads to Joe being arrested byPs,
and he leaves a borrowed motorcycle behind in the hands of
Smokey. A sermon by Rev. A shaken, misty-eyed Alyssa feigns
indifference and replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew". A shark
approaches and eats Pepé, but Pepé's stink makes the shark spit
him out and flee on the beach. A short time later, Miles
discovers that "Howard Doyle" was just an actor from one of
Donaly's soap operas. A short while later, Mercedes and Frances
show up at Larry's diner. A sixth segment, starring Hope Emerson
and Walter Brennan as an Ozark backwoods unmarried couple, was
deleted before the film's release. A slapstick chase through a
street parade and a department store follows, ending when Barbara
knocks Bernard out with a mannequin's leg. A slip of the tongue
on her part, however, costs Willows a great deal of money and she
is fired. A small distance away, she hallucinates that the lucky
cat, known as the Maneki Neko, or Beckoning Cat, gestures to her
to come over. A small group of elderly women and makeshift
amenities complete the project. A small radio station is saved of
getting bankrupt by a backer, who invests money for a TV
equipment, if the owner allows, that his dancing daughter
Annabelle can dance and sing on the screen, but due to her voice,
her singing had to be dubbed by the owner's girl friend Pat
AbbottBut problems start, when the owner starts dating Annabelle.
A sobered-up Tony apologizes to Robert. A socially awkward, fat,
naïve "ugly duckling", who is obsessed with the music of ABBA,
Muriel Heslop (Toni Collette) is the target of ridicule by the
more fashion-conscious girls she considers her friends. A
specialist advises that Kitty should go abroad to a health spa to
recover. A storm rolls in and Buzzy invites her to his cabin,
which he rents by himself. A story of love blooming on the
battlefield. A story of relationships, happythankyoumoreplease
deals with the struggles facing several pairs trying to find
their way. A stranger (Edward James Olmos) in a fancy limousine
hands over $1,000,000 dollar check to Juan, but under the
condition that he must give back all the money in one month. A
strict USDA inspector, Walter Ferris (John Michael Higgins),
arrives for a surprise inspection and makes a list of repairs
that would cost around $100,000, which Benjamin does not have. A
strong and powerful gendarme, also repelled by the odor, is of no
help. A struggling painter Fred MacMurray takes a job as private
secretary to a tough female advertising executive Rosalind
Russell. A student secretly goes back to school to marry one of
her teachers. A stunned Jason tells Julie that his love for her
has never been romantic and has asked Mary Jane to move in with
him. A suave, somewhat obnoxious American oil tycoon, Charles
Delacro (Robert Mitchum), barges into the lady of the manor's
private quarters, either deliberately or by mistake. A subplot
has Rob (Michael Landes), the gay son of Leo (Seymour Cassel),
trying to convince his father he is straight, with the help of
Allison "acting" as his girlfriend. A subplot involves a geeky
freshman (Anthony Michael Hall) who tries to win a bet with his
friends by continually (and unsuccessfully) trying to bed his
love interest, Sam. A subplot present throughout the film focuses
on Julia's singing talents. A successful Manhattan couple, lawyer
Paul Michael Morgan (Hugh Grant) and estate agent Meryl Judith
Morgan (Sarah Jessica Parker), are separated due to Paul's
infidelity. A successful ad campaign would likely gain David a
promotion to partner in his company. A summit of visiting
emissaries are arriving in Slovetzia to meet with Pochenko, and
Joy convinces him that the best way to prove that he is a modern-
thinking man would be to throw a party. A superstitious cop named
Dooley (Scott Caan) desperately searches for the alien. A
suspicious detective (Christopher Walken) comes to the apartment
to question Gigli in reference to Brian's disappearance. A
suspicious detective, Flynn, begins to follow Larry, who also
attracts the attention of unemployed actor Anthony and bank
cashier Bennett, who want a piece of the action. A synopsis of
the film was published in The Moving Picture World. A tabloid
reporter (Power) uses a scheme to meet Sara Farley (Tierney), a
grocery-store heiress he's been writing unflattering things
about. A talent agent, he goes to New Haven, Connecticut on a
client's behalf and meets Anastacia "Stacie" Macaboy (Elizabeth
Taylor), who owns a dance school. A talk with his father Norman
(Forster) incites Jack to find Jill. A theatrical producer
pretends to hire her on talent, but secretly has schemed with
Larry to finance the show if his horse wins the race. A thief,
Reese Halperin, and his accomplice, computer expert Norman
Barrie, devise a scheme to break into a Vancouver bank. A third
mauling from the wildcat causes the parts of the suit to
rearrange themselves. A third version of Mickey and the Beanstalk
was on the Disney television show "The Mouse Factory", which
aired from 1972 to 1974. A thousand years ago in the kingdom of
Hauptmann-Koenig, Prince William (William Ragsdale) wants to
marry his beloved Jessie (Kristy Swanson), a peasant girl. A
thousand years later, Jason Williamson (Ragsdale) is hired to
work in Prince & Company's visual display department, which is
headed by flamboyant window dresser Hollywood Montrose (Meshach
Taylor). A tomato plant then crashes into his lounge chair; the
woman upstairs apologizes for accidentally knocking it off the
balcony, and Richard invites her down for a drink. A trap is set
and villains are caught. A turning point occurs when Lucy,
angered both at Albert's procrastination in paying child support
and at the sight of a sloppy, overweight woman in a supermarket
buying the same comfort food as she is, hurries home and channels
her anger into writing a tell-all novel. A typographical error in
transcribing his words becomes a tribute to heroism, while a girl
who worked in his office, Peggy, is thought to be the object of
his secret love. A very expensive necklace, also known as
"Czarina's Tears," are robbed from Phelps's jewelry shop. A
vicious criminal named Maurice Miller, who also spent time in
jail with Jack and Ripley, is planning on hitting up Ripley's
mansion with his own crew, including Kenneth and White Boy Bob. A
violent hurricane and flash flood strike only three days after
Sam and Suzy first ran away from home and, after many twists and
turns, Sharp apprehends Sam and Suzy on the steeple of the church
in which they first met. A visit from Sir Robert, who seeks
further counsel from Goring, follows. A voice-over by his uncle
Albert says, "you may not have been the Blake that we
anticipated, but you are definitely Craig Blake - an identity
that no one will dare challenge". A voiceover by the child
Jeremiah (Justin Pierre Edmund) guides the viewer through the
film. A wealthy Jewish homosexual film producer is making a film
based on Puccini's opera Tosca and a famous German diva is cast
opposite a difficult English actor. A week from the end of high
school, Andy (Mickey Rooney) is keenly anticipating his
graduation, but is putting more effort into running the various
student committees - most of which he chairs - than studying for
his examinations. A week later, Britney lies to Camille, telling
her that she can't cheer at the next game as she's holding a
memorial service for her dead dog; when she's actually going to
Pacific Vista's Homecoming dance. A week later, Jeff is woken by
a vision of Aunt Lucy (played by a harp-wielding Bob Hope) who
shames him for his act. A week of passive aggressive hostility
passes before the two women make it clear that neither will
compromise, especially after the headstrong Liv hopes that Emma's
passive nature would end their wait of who will surrender their
date. A weepy feline Cinderella sits around in her murky house. A
wild auto chase and serious crash ensue on the long drive home
after an evening in Las Vegas, but all ends well. A willful,
disorganized teenage girl, Annabel Andrews, awakens one Friday
morning to find herself in the body of her mother, with whom she
had argued the previous night. A woman disguises herself as a man
and joins up with the Duke of Marlborough's army in Flanders to
find her missing husband. A woman of highly questionable
reputation, seen from Charles' point of view. A womanizing
American reporter assigned in Paris (Paul Newman) mistakes a
cynical fashion copycat designer (Joanne Woodward) for a
prostitute after she receives a makeover. A worker accidentally
uncovers an abandoned, partially covered well, where Grey
Wolfmeyer's body is found, revealing that he had never left his
family. A writer, she records her feelings in a series of
"letters to a stranger" on her computer. A yacht arrives, owned
by wealthy Neil Patterson, which gets Dodie's fantasies going. A
year after Gyeon-woo visits the tree, the Girl finally arrives. A
year and a half later they marry. A year and a half later, on
Christmas Eve 1992, Jonah&mdash;who wants his father to find a
new wife&mdash;calls in to a radio talk show. A year later Bob,
who has been working on the primate house that Elizabeth raised
money for, remains depressed. A year later and Brett's career is
going well, there is the possibility of a job in New York and
popularity has gone to his head. A year later on New Year's Day,
the couple welcomes their first child, a baby girl. A year later
the Moulin Rouge has closed down, and Christian finishes writing
the tale of his love for Satine, a "love that will live forever"
("Nature Boy (Reprise)"). A year later, Anderson is still
obsessed with his perfect (and dead) former girlfriend. A year
later, Bill shows he's moved on from Erica by not setting a place
for her at the table for Thanksgiving. A year later, Chuck and
Cam are in Antarctica together surrounded by penguins. A year
later, Henry's sister Chloe (Lindsay Sloane) hopes that he will
find closure by consulting Ashley (Lake Bell), a psychic who also
runs a catering business with her gay best friend Dan (Jason
Biggs). A year later, João is found not guilty of destroying a
science project. A year later, the Tasker's family integrity has
been restored, and it is revealed that Helen has become another
Omega Sector agent. A year passes, and James, realizing his
feelings for Mollie cause him to start sabotaging one of her
dates, she soon realizes the bond he and Mikey share and decides
to give him a chance. A young accountant named George is standing
on an elevated train platform in 1940s New York City, holding a
folder, when he is hit by a flying piece of paper. A young
belligerent shoplifter who identifies himself only as "Warren
Beatty" (Brendan Sexton III) is apprehended by Lucas and
subsequently arrested, promising to return for revenge. A young
cockney shop girl meets a penniless Russian prince and takes him
home to live with her family. A young girl's loyalty to the
Communist Party is tested in Prague when she falls in love with
an attache who has just arrived from the United States. A young
man named Stevie Dee is sent to keep an eye on Eddie, but instead
turns his gaze to Connie Hopper, who is not only a police officer
but the bride's sister. A young woman wishes to get her boyfriend
to commit to her, yet the most she can manage to do is get him to
exchange apartment keys. A young woman's life is sent into a
tailspin when she finds out her twin sister is marrying someone
she just recently met. A young woman, Ruth Morgan, lives in the
room next to Holmes. A young, struggling British filmmaker Sue
McKinley (Alice Patten) comes across the diary of her
grandfather, mr McKinley (Steven Mackintosh), who served as a
jailer in the Imperial Police during the Indian independence
movement. Aaron graduates from high school and attends
Northwestern University, Janis begins dating Kevin Gnapoor, whom
she initially despised, and Cady declares that she is now normal.
Abbey would be the thirteenth women he has gone out with and he
hopes she will be "Lucky 13". Abby (Brittany Murphy) is an
American girl who goes to Tokyo to be with her boyfriend, Ethan
(Gabriel Mann). Abby Richter (Katherine Heigl) is a morning show
TV producer in Sacramento, California. Abby and Toshi fall in
love. Abby asks to go with him but Ethan refuses and breaks up
with her. Abby does not understand them as she does not speak
Japanese. Abby enjoys the fact that they will all be at the same
hotel but Gidget barely reacts. Abby figures out that Gidget has
just broken up and asks her to tell the story; Gidget does, but
in an overly dramatic way. Abby firmly believes in true love and
is a big supporter of complex self-help books such as Chicken
Soup for the Soul and Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus.
Abby goes to a ramen shop afterward, and the chef Maezumi
(Toshiyuki Nishida) and his wife Reiko (Kimiko Yo) tell her that
they are closed. Abby has strayed from the safety of conventional
ramen, and made hers with peppers, corn and tomato, a concoction
she calls "Goddess Ramen". Abby is forced to cancel a romantic
weekend away with Colin, during which they had planned to finally
sleep together, and instead fly to Los Angeles to persuade Mike
to stay with her show. Abby is skeptical, but they make a deal:
If Mike's management of her courtship results in her landing
Colin, proving his theories on relationships, she will work
happily with him, but if Mike fails, he agrees to leave her show.
Abby is upset and soon realizes Colin only likes the woman she
has been pretending to be, not the real her. Abby kisses him
while they fly off, all of which is broadcast due to a camera
mounted in the balloon. Abby learns during the Christmas week of
someone named Shintaro. Abby says she broke up with Colin, and
Mike admits he loves her. Abby soon learns how to make ramen, but
Maezumi insists that it has no soul. Abigail has already sold the
film rights, and the deadline for delivering the book to the film
studio is fast approaching. Abigail, Tzedek and female police
officer Shlomtsi (Noa Provisor) head to Eilat to arrest Joe and
Belle. Abigail, who is waiting for her boyfriend Matan to return
home, thinks he may be cheating on her with Joe and leaves a
threatening voice mail on his answer machine. Aboard ship, Looney
makes the acquaintance of Ellen Saunders, who is being followed
by two strangers trying to steal her money. Aboard ship, he makes
an enemy of intimidating sailor "Rough-House" O'Rafferty (Noah
Young), but when O'Rafferty throws a box at the Boy and strikes a
passing officer, the Boy steps up and accepts the blame. About a
week before his wedding to his girlfriend, Caroline Swann, he
discovers that she had a long-lost love in high school, Bradley,
from whom she was inseparable. About a week later, Judy
introduces Sally to Michael (Neeson), Judy's magazine colleague
who she clearly is interested in herself. About a week later, Mia
is preparing for her coronation when Nicholas shows up. About
three years earlier, a flashback reveals, Terry had told her
daughters that she thought their father, Grey, had left the
family to be with his former secretary in Sweden. About to fly
away, a team from the FBI arrives and throws a net over Dave.
About to rush in and explain to the police inspector, he
discovers that over the Christmas period, somebody had tunnelled
into the vault and swiped the remainder of the money. Absent-
minded department store owner Henry Butler (Harry Langdon),
forgetting his wedding anniversary ends up working late and
missing the surprise anniversary party thrown by his wife, Effie,
Betty Blythe. Accompanied by Maurice, Robert chases after Lisa,
but she refuses to take him back. Accompanied by Willoughby, she
drives Herbie onto the window-cleaning machine of Hawk’s
skyscraper to reach his 28th-floor office, where mrs Steinmetz
overhears a telephoned conversation with Loostgarten about the
deal to demolish the firehouse and activates the window cleaning
machine to fill the office with foam and water. Accompanied by mr
Jordan, Joe finds that his replacement in the prizefight with the
champ is a clean-cut, honest fighter named Murdoch, whom Joe
knows and respects. According to Barry losing the contest left
Doug a broken man, sustained by the hope that one day his son
would learn from his father's mistakes and win the Grand Prix.
According to Juli, his hair smells like watermelon and he has
blond earlobe fuzz. According to Monsieur Rancour (Armand Kaliz),
for Toto, "every woman is like a new dish to be tasted".
According to his long-suffering agent George Fields (Sydney
Pollack), Michael's attention to detail and difficult reputation
led a commercial he worked on to run significantly over-schedule,
because the idea of a tomato sitting down was "illogical" to him.
According to their contract, they have to get married and not
divorce for at least three years, otherwise the contract is
annulled and they have to give back their winning of EUR 253,000.
Accordingly, none of the feelings she has shown him throughout
the film are genuine; at no stage in their "relationship" has she
fallen in love with him; her videotapes of their lovemaking are
simply part of the project's documentation. Accusing him of
burglary, she aims an antique gun at him and accidentally shoots
him in the arm. Ace discovers what is going on and blackmails
Paula for a date with Kit; although Kit is more attracted to
Demo, she and Ace wind up falling in love. Ace is arrested when
he cannot produce a passport, but manages to escape. Ace is
furious to only have half a map, and sends Kate to the get the
other half, with Lebec as a backup plan. Ace proposes to Mima,
but before she can accept, Josh returns. Ace then outs Paula to
Demo, who in turn reveals all to Tripp. Achilles decides to
return to the carnival life, and purchases Colonel Munday's
business. Across the Atlantic, Denmark's Crown Prince Edvard
(Luke Mably), prefers to live the life of a playboy, and when
with his family often ignores or marginalizes his royal
responsibilities. Act 2 opens on the gang sitting despondently
trying to cheer each other up because they are at the work farm
(Imagine). Acting on the advice of his precocious 10-year-old
sister, Madeleine (Allison Forster), he awkwardly asks Dorothy
out on a date. Acting on the reported theft of Bailey's car, the
police stop the pair and, after identifying the stolen car, put
the pair in jail. Activating J-5's "bomb disposal mode," Blankman
stuffs the explosives inside and frees Kimberly. Actually,
Bernard is very interested in girls, but due to his upbringing
he's a naive, immature virgin. Actually, it is her apparent
empty-headedness that has won her the job. Acuña insists his
daughters must wed in order of age, from oldest to youngest.
Acuña's wife sees him writing the note at their 25th wedding
anniversary party and accuses him of cheating on her with another
Maria, her dear friend Maria Castro. Acuña, however, does not
wish to see him. Ad man Vincent Doane is assigned to land Margot
Fraser's perfume account. Adam (Slater) is a loner/shy busboy who
saves Caroline when two men try to rape her on her way home one
night. Adam and Amanda, in the midst of a divorce, reluctantly
reunite for a meeting with their tax accountant. Adam and Rebecca
are happy until Kate calls him and tells him she wants to get
back together and wants him to father a child. Adam apologizes
and tells Holly that he was only got distracted. Adam assures her
that he doesn't care about their age difference at all, and the
two continue their relationship. Adam assures her that sex is not
what all men look for and insists he hasn't slept around. Adam
confides in Kevin about his girlfriend, Nina. Adam finally goes
to Nina's place to have it out with her over who is the father of
her baby. Adam finds out she is pregnant, but with the three of
them not knowing whose child it is, everything is put on hold.
Adam is angry but acquiesces seeing that Kevin really loves Nina.
Adam is the lead singer with successful pop group The Make who
are booked to perform at popular music festival in Scotland. Adam
meets Rebecca when he picks her up in his cab on her way to a
blind date. Adam reads his brothers the story of "The Sobbin'
Women" (taken from Plutarch's story of the Sabine Women), one of
the books Milly brought to the homestead. Adam realizes he was
wrong to tell his brothers to kidnap them. Adam refuses to let
himself be pushed around by the rival suitors and calls his
younger brothers cowards for letting them get away with their
behavior. Adam refuses, saying that he had said he would return
home only when the snow had melted enough that the pass was open
to traffic. Adam then bites down on the gun and chews off a
piece; it is made of licorice. Adam then says, "Maybe I am. Adam
thinks Amanda is showing a disregard for the law, since there
should never be an excuse for such behavior. Adam thinks Doris is
guilty of attempted murder. Adam thinks she is having an affair,
but he also tells Kevin that Nina's suspected infidelity only
bothers him because someone else is paying attention to her.
Adam's character is well received by test audiences, and Rosie
persuades Marty to give him a chance. Adam, feeling betrayed by
Milly's reaction, leaves for the trapping cabin farther up the
mountain to live out the winter by himself, unknowingly hurting
Milly's feelings. Adam, figuring out Kevin is the man sleeping
with Nina, confronts him at the bar where Kevin and now also
Rebecca work. Adam, for what he thinks is the last time, goes to
Holly's home and gives Holly's mom his drawing, commenting that
the drawing has another side that Holly didn't see before she
left, which turns out to be Adam telling Holly that he'll always
be there for her. Adam, still angry, later storms out of their
apartment. Adam, thinking it's Holly, says that her mom is
setting a bad example, getting up and leaving when things get bad
and that, in return, is making a bad role model for her own
daughters. Adams is finally convinced when he finds Paul
preparing to sleep in a different bedroom from his "wife". Add to
the mix rival starlet Luci, a wannabe WAG with designs on both
Kate's coveted role in 'Prince of Chaos', and on Vincent. Adding
to his stress is his impending marriage to the dour Alice Swallow
(Virginia Walker) and the need to impress Elizabeth Random (May
Robson), who is considering a million-dollar donation to his
museum. Adding to the situation is that Joanna, at first
intending to join John in a few weeks in Geneva for their planned
marriage ceremony, has changed her mind to leave after dinner on
his flight to New York City and then onward to Europe. Adding to
this stressful home life is the discovery that their 20-year-old
niece Amanda (Brittany Snow) has run away from home to Las Vegas
to work as a prostitute. Adelaide proves to be a sport; they toss
a coin for Johnny. Aditi's little brother Varun (Ishan Nair)
plans an elaborate dance for the pre-wedding party with another
cousin, Ayesha (Neha Dubey), but Lalit worries that the boy is
too effeminate and wants to send him to boarding school. Adonis'
help from his friends to work in special effects to transformed
into his pretending imaginary family in disguise: a spunky Lola
and a wacky Black American to be able to win Athena’s heart to
convince Atong that Adonis is good enough to win the love of his
life. Adopting the elephant as their own, the two stumble into a
traveling carnival headed by Alberto Cordoba and his daughter
Nita. Adrian (Rhys Ifans) is the most devious, Cassius (Tom
"Tiny" Lister, Jr) is the cruelest, and Nicky (Adam Sandler) is
their father's favorite. Adrian Prussia, who was used by the
authorities as an unofficial assassin, effectively immune from
the law, and who employed Puck, permitted Puck to murder Vincent.
Adrian and Cassius claim that Nicky's mother is a goat and
torment him by controlling his body with their minds. Adrian
appears to win a pitched battle by locking Nicky in the flask and
turning himself into a bat, but Nicky escapes from the flask.
Adrian takes Arthur and Mildred's advice to make his intentions
known, only to have Mary misconstrue his proposal as an offer to
sell her his house. Adrian, emboldened by his experience the
night before, proposes to and is accepted by Mary. Adriana and
Gil are instantly attracted to each other. Adriana however,
elects to stay in the 1890s, and they part. Adultery (another
common Irving motif) also plays a large part, culminating in one
of the novel's most harrowing and memorable scenes. Advertising
executive Mickey Briggs is given 48 hours by his boss, Sutton, to
come up with a campaign for client Luxemberg Beer and save the
company from ruin. Afraid that Bud has shot himself, Fran pounds
on the door. Afraid that she might be pregnant, she withdraws
from her friends, using her script as an excuse. Afraid to be
disappointed by a serious relationship, Jacks prefers to spend
her free time with her friends and sleep with her ex-boyfriend,
James, whom she doesn't love. After Agatha also departs, Carter
is relieved and thinks everything is all right, but Helene is
upset over the entire episode, and leaves deeply upset. After
Allison and Frankie leave, Rob comes out of the closet to his
father, who in fact had known and accepted that Rob was gay for
many years. After Amelia meets her patron, the kind and
gentlemanly president sends her a phonograph player and records,
and escorts her to concerts to broaden her musical experience.
After Andre drives away, Sally notices Simone and de Sugorola
making eye contact. After Andrew answers the phone causing the
caller to stop calling Amelia and Andrew talk get drunk, talk
about their past relationship and then go swimming together.
After Andy's play is chosen for the school's annual production,
he seizes the opportunity to spend time with his spring time
crush. After Anna writes to Karenin, she and Vronsky leave the
countryside for Moscow. After Bill is tossed out for punching
Wally, Adele overhears Sheila deny she is engaged, and tells
Bill. After Brainey bails him out, he sets about making his scam
legitimate by finding a charity to represent and a city license.
After Bryan informs her that he does not want to have sex with
her, Tonya agrees to help find Masha, but tells him that she will
one day force him to have sex with her, after trying to have sex
with him one more time. After Bulworth's TV appearance (at the
end of which one mysterious assassination attempt occurs) he
escapes with Nina and goes with her back to her house where she
reveals that she is the assassin he indirectly hired (ostensibly
to make the money needed to pay off the debt her brother owes
toD) and will now not carry out the job. After Butch informs
Valentine of the deception, she continues the masquerade, much to
Jonathan's discomfort. After Buttercup realizes, as well, that
she truly and strongly loves him and confesses her mutually
strong romantic feelings, Westley leaves to seek his fortune, so
they can marry. After Caitlin is gone, Tony gets on one knee and
proposes to Rachel and reveals that he lied and that he is still
rich. After Caleb's family and Tiffani leave, Gwen verbally
attacks Kyle, thinking he's trying to steal Marc from Caleb.
After Cecilia sits through the film several times, Tom, noticing
her, breaks the fourth wall, and emerges from the black-and-white
screen into the colorful real world on the other side of the
cinema's screen. After Charles awkwardly exits the room,
Henrietta confronts him about his habit of "serial monogamy",
telling him he is afraid of letting anyone get too close to him.
After Charles signs it, the man reveals that Charles just agreed
that the Venus will undergo a technical examination the following
Friday. After Chuck finds her, Cam reveals that Howard is already
married to someone else, and that she's only leaving for a week.
After Chuck gets Vanessa drunk to celebrate her early acceptance
into Stanford University, she makes a pass at him, which he
rejects. After Clinton is elected, Will opens a campaigning
business with most of his work colleagues, which enjoys a good
amount of success. After Connor delivers a drunken speech at the
rehearsal dinner where he says that love isn't real, he's met in
the bathroom by the ghost of his uncle Wayne (Michael Douglas), a
roué who taught Connor everything he knows about seducing women.
After Connors, dr Brinkman, and François leave the lab, Cody
tries to take one of the ice cubes, only for it to melt when in
his possession. After Danielle is whipped, Jacqueline tends to
her wounds and condemns Marguerite for insulting Danielle's
mother. After Darryl is nearly killed trying to protect a citizen
on the street, Kevin tries to get him to tone his activities
down, advising him to start a neighborhood watch. After Davis
leaves, Nicole joins Simon at his table to celebrate the robbery.
After Debbie's wedding, Jack views footage of Greg recorded by
hidden cameras that he had placed strategically around their
house. After Doll Face refuses to talk to Mike, he sends a lawyer
to stop her show in the middle of opening night, since she is
under contract not to appear in any show not produced by him.
After Doug learns that his book is going to be published, he
quits his job at the department store and prepares to go to New
York to work with the publisher. After Dunphy falls in with a bad
element at home, his father, a widower, exiles him to the
fictional Cornwall Academy (a thin guise for Kent School located
near Kent, Connecticut). After Eddie wipes out on his first
attempt, he and Gidget run back on shore where they kiss. After
Elaine runs out of the strip club in tears Benjamin has a change
of heart, realizes how rude he was to her, and discovers that
Elaine is someone with whom he is comfortable. After Gabe makes a
failed pass at her, Judy tells him that she thinks the
relationship was over; a week later Gabe moves out. After Gabriel
congratulates them on a successful case, the two angels embrace
as they prepare to return home. After Gabriella and Troy audition
("Breaking Free"), ms Darbus gives the two the lead roles, making
Sharpay and Ryan understudies. After Geraldine admits her pill-
switching scheme to Grace and Grace tells Gerald about it, Gerald
uses the scheme on Prudence to generate incriminating evidence of
her affair. After Gideon kills Scott, Ramona visits him in limbo
and reveals that Gideon has implanted her with a mind control
device. After Goring obtains and burns the letter, however, mrs
Cheveley steals Lady Chiltern's note from his desk. After Harold
starts up, the policeman spots Bill and chases him into the
building. After Henry confronts Dudley, Dudley realizes that he
is falling in love with Julia. After Henry insults Carol and
accuses her of being only a "ten percent woman," she slaps him,
runs into the hallway and announces that she is calling off the
wedding because she is not in love with Michael and refuses to be
married just for the sake of business. After Herb dies from a
heart attack, Pippa finally breaks with her life of subservience
and refuses to set up the burial, leaving the details to her
children. After Holden leaves, Alyssa's new girlfriend (Virginia
Smith) arrives and asks who she was talking to. After Jack
receives a call informing him that Tracy is on his way there,
armed with a gun, he decides to let Helen go, but then they
argue. After Jago grows exasperated, Jess finally decides to give
it a shot and the couple manage to conceive a baby shortly after.
After Jenna overhears her supposed best friend Lucy badmouthing
her, in a plan to save the magazine behind her back, she resolves
to fix the sins of the past she can't remember. After Jenny and
Garp return to Steering, Garp marries Helen, the wrestling
coach's daughter, and begins his family—he a struggling writer,
she a teacher of English. After Jenny brings a drunk Tom home
very late at night, she encounters Caroline sneaking in. After
Jessie argues with her dad, she runs away and is nearly hit by a
car, but is saved by Celeste's powers. After Jjaks passes out due
to the fight, Sam ends up shooting Freddie in the stomach in
Jjak's car, and tries to frame the killing on Jjaks by returning
Freddie's body to the motel room along with the murder weapon.
After Joe jumps in to rescue her, lightning strikes, sinking the
yacht. After Joe leaves, Madison informs Anabel that her research
on him was incomplete; he recognised "Joe's" voice as that of a
radio performer he listens to frequently. After Joe turns down
several "candidates", mr Jordan takes him to see the body of a
crooked, extremely wealthy banker and investor named Bruce
Farnsworth, who has just been drugged and drowned in a bathtub by
his wife Julia (Rita Johnson) and his secretary, Tony Abbott
(John Emery). After Jordan drinks too much and is thrown out into
the back trash pile, where he is then robbed of his pants and
wallet. After Kabir becomes drunk at a scientific dinner hosted
by a wealthy doctor, he finds a sympathetic ear in his former
professor and mentor, who generously offers to accept his money.
After Kabir rejects Epifania's offer to run the facility, she
suggests that they marry instead. After Kabir rushes to Epifania,
they kiss and he finally expresses his love. After Kate avows her
love for Norbit with a passionate kiss, the two reconcile and
Norbit divorces Rasputia using her affair with Buster as well as
her attempted murder of him as grounds for it. After Kid and Veda
make up they head back to his Aunt Lucy's house to find an out of
control party in progress (unbeknownst to Aunt Lucy who was up in
her room). After Kristin saved Kyle's life, she has been living
with the Morgan family ever since. After Kristin sees the doll,
she immediately remembers her past, as flashbacks are shown of
her life until then (with many taken from Once Upon a Christmas)
After Kristin sees Rudolpha's commercial, she and the children
discover Rudolpha's plan, and head for the North Pole to try to
save Christmas. After Lance walks in on the two talking, Mia
explains to Lance that Harper knows. After Leila adamantly
refuses go back to the clinic, she and Nick go on a road trip
together in order to attend his brother’s wedding to Nick's ex-
girlfriend. After Lena leaves for Hawaii on a business trip,
Barry decides to follow her. After Lucky kidnaps Don Fernando, a
worried Tony buys the work for $100,000, then switches it with
Gigi's forgery, only to have the government expert dismiss it as
a bad copy. After Luke ends up with a broken lip, Kate calls Dave
and another co-worker to help finish the move. After Masha
catches Bryan dancing with a hotel waitress, she storms off, as
it is hinted she hates womanizers. After Matt and Scott leave,
Jenn cuddles with the baby and says, "You sure do look like your
father," leaving the true identity of the baby's father unknown.
After Matt plays a prank on the school band, the school's
guidance counselor Chuck "The Sherminator" Sherman, who attended
high school with Steve, decides that a worthwhile punishment
would be for Matt to attend band camp. After McGruff leaves, Anna
realizes he has stolen her wallet. After Mickey is released from
a mental hospital, where his stories are perceived as lies, he
goes back to Los Angeles in search of a woman named Eve. After
Miggy and Laida have a heated argument, both of them decide to
separate for a period of time. After Natalie sneaks him in to the
school, he runs into his heartbroken sister who believes he is
there for his niece and nephew. After Neil leaves, Dupree reveals
that he has financial problems, such as being evicted from his
home and losing his job and car. After Nestor defends Irma
against her abusive pimp boyfriend, Hippolyte, Nestor moves in
with her, and he soon finds himself as Irma's new pimp. After
Pierre makes sexual advances towards Danielle, she cuts Pierre's
face with a sword, threatening to dismember him. After Rachel
answers the question posed by Professor Carleton (Brian Patrick
Clarke), Sydney's supporters arrive, led by a goth girl (Kierstin
Koppel) whose group is devoted to Gurkin's blog and becomes his
girlfriend. After Ray tells Tiana that Naveen loves her, Tiana
goes to the Mardi Gras parade to find a human "Naveen" marrying
Charlotte; but Ray rescues the real Naveen and steals the charm
that disguises Lawrence. After Regi leaves and Ted shows up,
Vivian makes it clear that she knows what happened, but is still
willing to go through with the marriage. After Rocky accidentally
confesses to what he did, Connie angrily slap and breaks up him.
After Roxy's baby is born, she marries her lawyer. After Royce
leaves, Nikko apologizes to Courtney for taking control of the
group behind her back and offers to do things her way, but
Courtney admits that the group needs a change. After Salim
arrives and enters the laundrette, the punks, who had been lying
in wait, trash his car. After Sam and Tess marry, a conflict
arises over Tess's priorities and Sam's place in her life. After
Sam feels that he missed his chance to make an impression on her,
Daniel convinces Sam that he must go catch Joanna, who is
returning to the US, at the airport that night and show her how
he feels, lest he regret it. After Secret Service agents ruin a
first date, Anna demands less supervision. After Sergei gives Lou
a diamond pin belonging to Rita, Rita starts a fight with Lou,
who accidentally stabs her to death. After Shake completes his
course, he and Barbara Jane sleep together and start a
relationship. After Shawn leaves the hospital, the events come
full circle when he meets with his childhood friend, whom happens
to be Julie. After Sidney dismisses them both, Amanda catches
Rich with another woman. After Sue's mother died, Bill raised her
himself, growing to love her like his own, thus when they lost
their home and money, Bill could not find it in his heart to give
Sue up and put her into an orphanage, so he took Sue with him.
After Tammy finally tells everyone that her grandfather isn't
actually dead, mrs Brent is upset over Tammy announcing to
everyone that she has a relative in jail. After The Aviator
successfully does the speech the entire chorus performs a rousing
closing number (Finale Ultimo). After Tom pleads with Julie to
abandon her plans to leave for a year, Ruth barges into the
restaurant and humiliates Tom by revealing their past
relationship alienating Julie. After Tom takes Hannah to his
father's (Sydney Pollack) sixth wedding, Hannah tells Tom she
must go to Scotland for work. After Tomas paints Mark's dining
room, they go out on a dinner date, where Mark learns that Tomas
stumbled into the ex-gay meeting by mistake. After Toni arranges
a meeting between the two, he tells Deborah Ann that he wrote the
love letters, and she finally agrees to a real date, during which
they are almost caught by Debbie's jock college "quasi boyfriend"
Steve, but Toni intervenes by pretending to seduce him and later
ditches him. After Troy's father dies, he forces himself to
reevaluate his life, deciding to attempt a relationship with
Lelaina. After Uncle Lije (George Mitchell) is injured by a bear,
Yancy is sent to trade their beaver pelts for money and supplies.
After Vanessa suggests a new title, You Can't Read. After Victor
pairs off with a local divorcée, Matthew winds up at the wedding,
where he runs into Jennifer. After Will accidentally ruins Ben's
attempt to reconcile with Charlotte, Ben decides to do a little
research on him, in order to ruin his image. After Woolridge
complains, David loses his temper with this important client, and
is fired. After Zach gets off the phone, the couple goes back
into their bedroom where Georgina seduces Zach. After Zia commits
suicide, he finds himself in an afterlife limbo much the same as
life, just slightly worse. After a New Jersey Nets basketball
game, Leslie helps star player Scott McKnight (Common), at a gas
station. After a bad day at work, Shaun forgets to book a
restaurant for his anniversary with Liz. After a bit of dancing,
Jane sings "Old Folks at Home". After a bit of daydreaming, Pepé
resumes his chase. After a bouncer refuses to let her into the
club on the grounds that she looks too young and she is without
ID, she sees her ex-fiancé, Chris, and later decides to have a
one-night stand with one of the men she saw on the website, Alec.
After a brief confrontation between the two groups, Nikko
persuades the others to perform a song using "Rock The World," a
spoof of the real-life video game Rock Band. After a brief
courtship, they marry, and on the train to their honeymoon, "Eve"
begins to confess her past, dropping name after name after name
of old boyfriends and lovers. After a brief hesitation, Elaine
screams out "Ben. After a brief struggle, the Kid overpowers
Charlie and makes off with the money, narrowly avoiding the thugs
Charlie has sent after him. After a brilliant career abroad, a
top international model called Nicky back to Brazil to find her
prince charming, she met through a chat on the Internet. After a
car crash on the way to a homosexual tryst, Steven leaves his
family and life behind, though he keeps in touch with his wife
and young daughter, and explores the world as his true self – a
gay man. After a comical wrestling match, in which 'Fearless'
loses, the natives prepare to cook them both, until they use
their infamous 'patty cake' routine to escape. After a
confrontation with Bill exposing the truth of the con, Grey lets
them stay for as long as they need when she understands the
precarious position the homeless pair are in. After a
confrontation with his wife in which he realizes that their
marriage is over and that he is in love with Harriet, Alfred
convinces the sheikh to give the farmed salmon a try. After a
cool beginning based on cultural misunderstandings, they fall in
love. After a couple more sessions, Lester decides to leave the
therapy group, which Vince strongly advises against, as he had
asked Lester to talk about him to get some personal advice. After
a couple of nights, Nick still does not answer the hundreds of
calls Thea left him. After a day of shopping, and generous
spending Raymond reveals to Paulo he had originally come to Rio
to look for the famous Samba dancer Orlinda. After a disastrous
first date, Ray tells the guys that Eva is too difficult for even
him to handle and offers to return their money. After a display
of hard-headed stubbornness by Gary, he is hit in the head by a
model of the Pilgrim 1 Mars lander, resulting in a skull
fracture. After a door to door search of her street, he comes
across Mia, who informs him that Natalie lives next door. After a
fade to black, we see Josh and Molly in the delivery room as they
have their first baby. After a failed attempt to get the map, Sal
gets "McGurk" (Duke) to reveal "Sperry" (Chester) has hidden his
half in his undershirt. After a failed attempt to seduce Peter,
Maggie receives a makeover from Carol and seduces Paul. After a
failed audition, where she is recognized as a burlesque performer
from the Gaiety Theatre, her manager and fiancé Mike Hannegan
suggest she writes an autobiography to project a more literate
image and he hires Frederick Manly Gerard as a ghostwriter. After
a failed three-way in which the third girl straps on a dildo,
Sandy suggests they try crack cocaine. After a falling out over
Anderson's late girlfriend, Anderson and Katie's relationship
looks to be over. After a fantasy where he sleeps with a married
woman, resulting in the death of her, her husband, her
grandmother and several innocent bystanders (and ending with him
getting raped in prison), Gary agrees to "give it a whirl". After
a farewell party at the Ballroom ("I Love to Cry at Weddings"),
Charity and Oscar walk in the park, whereupon Oscar announces
that he cannot go through with the wedding, saying he is unable
to stop thinking about the "other men". After a few adventures
across the country, as the trio journey along a desolate highway,
Mikal pushes a button, miraculously activating the broken
headlights on Eugene's car. After a few days amongst them, and
initial problems of interaction, the visitors begin to fully
appreciate the locals' lifestyle. After a few days of reflection,
she decides to use the money to purchase clothing for her
children so they may look "fresh and dainty and new for once in
their lives". After a few days of stewing in self-pity (and
realizing it is Christmas Eve), the Kid is surprised to meet
Nellie, who has escaped. After a few days working together, Jan
invitesJ. After a few drinks, she and Kenneth discover they like
the same things and eventually begin kissing, prompting Virginia
to have second thoughts about her scheme. After a few failed
dates, Scott finds himself falling for Carol, the school
principal. After a few months he spots her in a park in New York,
and she makes a scene with his girlfriend (Shenaz Treasurywala),
who turns out to be Rhea's childhood friend, which ends in their
break-up. After a few months, she moves back in with Bill, while
Matt goes traveling, and Lucia gives birth to her own child.
After a few more awkward dates with other men, Celeste meets Paul
(Chris Messina) in yoga class and dresses him down for trying to
hit on her but eventually warms up to him after meeting him again
at a party. After a few particularly unpleasant incidents, from
Buddy kicking in, when Sherman sexually insults his own therapist
trying to help him with it, then does the same thing to a woman
walking a dog, and later during a toast turns around and reveals
that his father was fired rather than retired, and then when
Sherman intended on proposing to Denise, but then Buddy kicks in
and makes it a perverted sex request, causing Denise to become
mortified against him. After a few seconds Sassy yells to Shadow
that they have reinforcements, but it turns out to be, as Pete
calls them, "Riley's gang". After a few unsuccessful auditions in
search of the actors, Sue finally casts Sonia's friends, four
young men&nbsp;– Daljit "DJ" Singh (Aamir Khan), Karan Singhania
(Siddharth Narayan), Aslam Khan (Kunal Kapoor) and Sukhi Ram
(Sharman Joshi)&nbsp;— to portray the revolutionaries. After a
few weeks Pike realizes that the food is inappropriate, and
learns how to cook healthy dishes. After a few weeks, Anna
receives a letter from Ludo, who has traveled back to the place
where they spent their only vacation together. After a fight,
Clementine had hired the New York City firm Lacuna, Inc. After a
fight, Tiffany is stabbed in the heart and collapses. After a
fourth mauling, he asks himself in a daze if it was worth
continuing the chase and answers the question himself by saying
it was worth it. After a friend overcharges them for offering to
deliver it on his truck and the local bus refuses to accommodate
it, Dado and Manuel have no choice but to carry the couch on
foot. After a friendly talk with her open-minded mother Rosemary,
Olive comes up with a plan to get everything finally out in the
open. After a fudge-making spat with Jerry, Rawlins takes the
rest of the day off on an errand. After a fun night out, Naomi
wants to go home but Ely decides to stay behind and pushes her to
go home with Bruce to have sex, which she reluctantly agrees.
After a hasty divorce, she moves to New York City with her young
son and daughter. After a heated exchange, he punches Robbie and
proceeds to mock him. After a honeymoon period spent on the road
during the NBA season, the couple settles in the San Fernando
Valley outside Mickey's hometown of Los Angeles. After a hunt, he
meets a zombie woman, and they quickly become girlfriend and
boyfriend. After a long humbling year temping as a traffic cop on
a studio lot, Jody is faced with the hard decision of taking the
only well-paying industry job she has yet been offered — editing
porn at Grind Productions, a profitable adult film company run by
former porn star Irene Fox (Kristen Johnston). After a long
serious decision and a talk with them both, Julie decides that
she is more in love with Marty and she leaves Vernon, who has now
fallen for Gwen. After a long waiting period, she makes plans to
marry Vernon (Gower Champion), who is Marty's best friend. After
a lovers' quarrel, Ivan heads back to Russian only to be recalled
to England a year later to smooth out imperfections in his
design. After a markedly unromantic trip to Venice, which was
planned to re-ignite the passion in their relationship, they take
a night train to Paris to pick up Marion's cat from her parents
and decide to stay for two days. After a mix-up with his
application photograph, he gets an offer to have a screen-test,
and goes off to Hollywood. After a moment, Nat passionately
kisses Guy, resulting in the ripping of the underwear bought for
her by Josh. After a moonlight swim, he asks her if there was a
"theoretical possibility" of the two of them ending up together.
After a night at a club where some of Sherry's past flings swirl
about him, the couple discuss the institution of marriage and
have clearly divergent views. After a night of drinking, they end
up having sex. After a night of wild celebration, they wake up
the next morning to discover they have wed. After a night with
Dean goes horribly wrong, Mercedes is left alone at a bus stop,
where Larry and his scooter gang notice her. After a number of
provocations, Ludo beats Ralf in a restaurant, and angrily leaves
Anna. After a pep-talk from Mitch, Chris devotes himself to
solving the power problem and achieving a perfect score on
Hathaway's final exam. After a period of tension, it is
determined that he has not contracted the virus. After a period
of time, Francesca departs, leaving the duke, with a dagger in
his back, lying dead on his bed. After a pleasant evening of
singing around the piano, Tom escorts Mary home, where she
notices they're being watched. After a proud Mary Kate announces
so all can hear, that she will now return home to prepare his
supper, and departs, Will punches Sean, and a long, memorable
fistfight ensues between the two, drawing crowds from miles
around. After a publicity tour, the band is set to appear on The
Hollywood Television Showcase, a nationally-televised live
variety show. After a quarrel with Barkis (and realizing he was
only after her supposed money), Victoria follows the procession
of dead to the church. After a quarrel, Willy leaves for Africa
with the handicapped brother for holiday, and there, blatantly,
Willy meets Lucia. After a quick relationship, Scott proposes to
her. After a rival studio has an enormous hit with its first
talking picture, the 1927 film The Jazz Singer,F. After a
romantic stroll, Scamp and Angel happen upon his family searching
for him. After a rough first night, she decides to have fun with
the experience and behave as if everything is normal. After a
rough start, Nuke becomes a dominant pitcher by mid-season. After
a rousing speech about great love from Angelica, a barmaid with a
crush on him, Pete rushes to Rosalee's house and confesses his
love for her but she is confused and resolves to still go to LA
with Tad. After a series of chance meetings aboard the ship, they
establish a friendship. After a series of complications like
those in screwball comedies of the 1930s and 1940s, Delysia and
Michael sail for New York City aboard the Queen Mary and Miss
Pettigrew is found in Victoria Station by Joe, who is convinced
that she is the woman for him and has been looking for her all
night, and all his life. After a series of family arguments and
complications, Alvin willingly gives up Willie so she can marry
Marion, who modestly did not disclose that he was a national hero
as a result of wartime valor, that he was hitchhiking simply to
maintain anonymity, and was now being welcomed by the mayor and
the governor, and honored with a parade by Plainfield, the
birthplace of his killed-in-battle wartime best friend, which
will now become his adopted hometown. After a series of jokes and
dances, Ria catches Tej taking Aliya for a drive. After a series
of misadventures, including a car crash, Sugarpuss realizes that
she is in love with the Professor, but is forced to go ahead with
her marriage to Lilac to save the professors from Lilac's
henchmen. After a series of misadventures. After a series of
misunderstandings, Agatha realizes she belongs with Cole and
should forget the way she fancied Merrill. After a series of
startling changes such as long hair suddenly sprouting, hands
suddenly getting hairy, he decides to quit the team, but his
coach changes his mind. After a session, Dashiell asks Lester if
he would like to go for a drink. After a shaky start, she gets a
contract for nearly $80,000 per year ($ today) to appear in
weekly TV commercials. After a short exchange they happily
discuss how perfect Guy and Chloe are for them. After a short
while Michael realizes Deb is snobby and shallow, not like he
expected her to be and begins to realize his true feelings for
Toni. After a somewhat promising beginning, tensions surface in
the relationship. After a speech given by his father, Irving (Bob
Dishy), to Sandy about not living in the past, Reuben realizes he
wants to be with Polly and not Lisa, and he rushes to her
apartment to stop her from leaving. After a supposedly secret
traditional church wedding is interrupted by paparazzi Marco
Ballani (Federico Castelluccio), hiding in a cabinet at the
altar, with Lara chasing him away, she and James become desperate
to find someplace unknown and wed in peaceful bliss. After a talk
with his father, Ben decides to take responsibility and goes to
great effort to change his ways, including moving out of his
friends' house, getting an office job as a web designer, and
creating a baby's room in his new apartment. After a tantrum, in
which she gets two black eyes, the director has her sent to a
rehab clinic in a remote Utah town. After a televised debate
during which Bulworth drinks from a flask on air and derides
insurance companies and the American healthcare system, he
decides to hide at Nina's family's home, located in the South
Central Los Angeles ghetto. After a tense run-in with Julie’s
father, Grigio, they take him to a pub where Julie spikes their
drinks with real alcohol, and R gets drunk. After a time, Carla
and Danny become sexually active together. After a time, the aunt
discovers Pippa participating in erotic photo sessions with the
roommate and her friends and Pippa is banished from that
apartment and goes on to live a bohemian life of drugs and
working as an exotic dancer. After a tow truck takes Tom and
Julie back to Tom's house, Tom sneaks into his mother's room to
get her car keys, while Julie enters Tom's room. After a violent
altercation, Alexei holds Nadia hostage and demands a ransom from
John. After a visit from Trillium Fortnight, a female companion
of Puck's, Doc travels to Las Vegas in search of Puck and
Trillium's sexual threesome partner, Einar. After a visit to
James' grandfather at his new home, James takes her for flying
lessons and she realizes she's falling for him, but when they
become intimate, she imagines their life together and resists.
After a while, Adam gives up and goes to Columbia and Ryden gets
her dream job, but realizes she isn't really happy and quits her
job to go and live with Adam. After a while, Grant realizes what
he has lost but thinks it may be too late to patch things up.
After a while, Josh reconsiders her as his film subject after she
sees the sci-fi movie "Flight of the Navigator" and she joins his
club. After a whirlwind one-day courtship, Peter and Francey get
married, and they and Keith return to the Morgan family's home,
where Peter teaches at the university run by his father Peter
Morgan Sr. After a whispered conference in Al's bar, Robert and
Celine walk outside to their wedding. After a wild celebration,
Roy realizes that he has blown winning theS. After a year passes,
her mother Marietta (Patricia Clarkson) finds Melody, explaining
that she and her husband John (Ed Begley, Jr) thought Melody had
been kidnapped. After accepting her offer, Jimmy packs his bags
and stops by Leslie's room to say goodbye. After accidentally
dropping a curtain on classmate Ian (Tom Wisdom) during his
audition for The Winter's Tale, they watch Julia audition for the
lead in Perdita and Ian encourages Carmen to try. After
accidentally killing an opponent in the ring, Sean hung up his
gloves, vowing never to fight again. After accidentally
witnessing a mafia hit in Chicago, they go on the run, landing in
Los Angeles. After adopting O’Malley into the family, Madame
establishes a charity foundation housing Paris's stray cats
(represented by Scat Cat and his band, who reprise their song).
After agonizing, Jordan returns to the strip club where he first
met Julia to reconcile with her. After all charges against
Chelsea are dropped, Logan's former boss offers to take him back,
based on Logan's publicity. After all the other characters leave,
Puck "restores amends" and suggests to the audience that what
they just experienced might be nothing more than a dream. After
all those events, at work, a famous TV food critic, nicknamed
"The Fireside Gourmet" (Louis Turenne), comes to the pizzeria to
sample a pizza. After almost losing Overbeck and Ulysses in the
sandstorm, the crew lifts off from the Martian surface. After an
Aqua Capers performance, Dick and Nora go to dinner. After an
accidental spill, the wedding planner spots the panties on Eliot,
which completely breaks down Eliot's calm. After an agonizing
wait, Mr Wickham is persuaded to marry Lydia with only the
payment of debts required. After an amusing episode involving a
fur coat, however, all is forgiven and the two families become
good friends. After an attempt at an intimate moment fails, in
part because of her awkwardness and inability to stop talking
about vocabulary, Steve fakes a phone call about covering the
news out of town. After an attempt by Taft to blow up a warehouse
with incriminating information—which almost blows Logan and Kelly
up as well—Logan and Kelly find evidence of a massive insurance
fraud between Taft, Deardon and Joe Brock, a third man who was
sent to prison. After an audience preview confirms that the film
is awful (they prefer the ape over Cheri's performance), Dodd
seeks out the heartbroken producer. After an awkward beginning,
Joe and Patricia begin to bond. After an awkward confrontation,
Tripp manages to forgive his parents, but he cannot forgive Paula
for manipulating him. After an awkward encounter with his
parents, Paula thwarts his attempt to dump her and has sex with
him, all the while developing real feelings for him. After an
awkward meeting between Amy and Newman's wife at the party, she
and Oscar go to a bar. After an awkward start, they fall in love.
After an evening out with his father of drinking at a local bar,
and visiting an old girlfriend named Terri Terrific (Johanna
Lawrence), mr Bradley wants Chris to abandon his bohemian
lifestyle and do what was agreed upon when he separated from the
military; return to the family business, but Chris refuses. After
an explosive exchange between the three of them takes place over
this, Celeste, Jeffrey and Lori go to the head of the network
with their concerns and demand that some action must be taken to
solve the problem. After an ill-fated date with Anson, a boy who
wants to pay her to actually sleep with him and not just pretend
she did, Olive reconnects with Todd, her old love interest, who
is also the school's mascot. After an impromptu jam session with
his idol, jazz pianist Del Paxton (Bill Cobbs), Guy returns to
the band's hotel, where he meets Faye and shares a long kiss with
her. After an impulsive act of retribution, Lelaina loses her
job, which causes some tension with her roommates. After an
indulgent dinner with many delicacies, they decide to put up with
"a couple of hours" of therapy in order to enjoy the other
amenities of the resort. After an insulting remark of Phileine,
Jules departs. After an outstanding performance, the choir wins
the competition, but before ending his acceptance speech, Darrin
surprises Lilly with an unexpected marriage proposal, to which
she accepts. After an uncomfortable silence, Mark blurts out that
he snubs her out of "self-preservation". After an unsuccessful
first meeting, Chloe gives Kate's diary to Ashley so that she can
pretend to communicate with Kate and convince Henry to move on
with his life. After announcing her engagement to Paul, Frances
withdraws from Ricardo's play and suggests Nancy as her
replacement. After another argument with Duckie, Andie and Blane
walk out of the club. After another fight, they come up with a
plan: Jjaks will go to the motel to talk to the manager while Sam
will see Red, hoping for a loan. After another make-up, Lewis
proposes to Ashley again, this time at a crowded airport: she
says yes. After answering Fred's phone, Rick learns of Grace's
accident and makes his way to the hotel to tell him. After
apologizing for his behavior, mr Matuschek offers him a job as
manager of Matuschek and Company, gives him the keys to the shop,
and asks him to dismiss Vadas quietly. After apologizing to him,
they begin to date, which includes a bike ride with Walt (Rene
Kirby). After arguing over who ignores the other more, Tibby
leaves. After arguing with Corey, Gina has sex with Rex Manning,
causing the rift between the two friends to intensify and Rex to
get kicked out of the store by Joe. After arguing, they decide to
confess to their crimes so they know what to expect from each
other. After arranging a weapons deal over the internet, a white
supremacist named Bobbo and a Jihadist name Abdul meet behind a
diner. After arriving at Meg's, they realize they have been in
love with each other the entire time and they kiss. After
arriving at the Sullivan home, Harper notices Mia's dramatic
weight loss, but brushes it off and focuses on the reunion and
gathering information about Lance for the biography. After
arriving home, she watches a news report saying that the police
have surrounded the hotel where Holden is staying and that Holden
shot and killed himself. After arriving in America, Alison
decides to stay in New York for a week before traveling to Texas.
After arriving in Grand Harbor they settle in, they manage to
find work painting a house (based on the Tuition Painters
franchise) in the area together, mistaking the owners for
lesbians. After arriving in Music City after a long bus ride,
Miranda makes her way to the Bluebird Cafe, a local watering hole
with a reputation as a showcase for new talent. After arriving in
Scotland at Eilean Donan Castle for the wedding, Tom realizes he
is running out of time to stop Hannah. After asking for a kiss,
he knows that Rosalind is attracted to him. After balancing her
books she finds that she has 16 cents left for the year. After
beating up Denis a bit more they are confronted by Rich who has a
rifle belonging to Treece's father. After becoming demoralized by
a bad experience at the flag party, Melissa writes a letter that
she leaves for Stacy saying she is returning to LA. After being
abandoned by Bill, Suzanne decides to accept marrying one of the
brother's, but without saying which one. After being asked, she
reveals her name is Janine, but also instructs Finch to resume
calling her "Stifler’s mom" as per usual. After being captured by
FBI Agent O'Malley at the fish factory, she discovers Marsh is
actually an art thief. After being chastised by the despotic
Miggy, Laida’s finally opens her eyes and sees him for the tyrant
he truly is. After being convinced to take a long look at
herself, Maria reluctantly stops seeing him. After being cut off
by his parents, Naveen intends to marry a rich southern belle,
and Charlotte is the perfect candidate. After being declared
heroes, Phil and Claire enjoy breakfast at a diner, where Phil
admits he would marry Claire and have their kids all over again
if given the chance. After being desperate and tired of not being
able to complete her goal, she decides to look for the perfect
man that has all the requirements she wants in a father, to leave
her pregnant. After being discharged from the Army, Gump returns
to Alabama and makes from ping pong endorsements, which he uses
to buy a shrimping boat, fulfilling his promise to Bubba. After
being dumped by his girlfriend, bombing another dance audition,
and nearly getting kicked out of his parent's home, Raj's luck
changes when he meets Jyoti, (Lilette Dubey), a sexy Indian
woman, who suggests for him to teach her and a group of Indian
women dance. After being fired from a beauty salon, they pose as
drag queens and audition to host a drag revue at a gay club
called "The Handlebar". After being given permission by Miriam to
cheat on her, Sam collects Archie and Paddy and fly off to
rendezvous with Billy in Vegas. After being out till 4m, Dodie is
brought home by Neil, only to find Buzz and Pete impatiently
waiting on her doorstep. After being refused, he tried to elope
with Darcy's 15-year-old sister Georgiana for her great dowry, as
Colonel FitzWilliam could also attest. After being rejected by
his girlfriend, Peter Rooker decides to audition for a small role
in an upcoming local community theatre's production of "Cyrano de
Bergerac". After being rejected for a role in a new Steven
Berkoff play for "lacking anger", Dexter wins the title role in a
new Royal Shakespeare Company musical based on The Elephant Man.
After being released, he helps get Phillip freed from prison by
posing as a lawyer, then attains wealth by fraudulently acquiring
a position as Chief Financial Officer of a large medical
management company called USAMM. After being scared into seeing
her by his manager, she immediately detects that the problem is
psychological not physical. After being threatened to be
financially cut off unless she breaks up with Hank, and lets Sam
go to Military School, Lydia decides to stay with Hank, and takes
a job at the local diner. After being thrown out by his wife Pam
(JoNell Kennedy), he gets an apartment of his own to share with
his children, Peter (Miles Thompson) and Robby (Brandon
Ratcliff). After being tipped off by Sam, the police arrive but
Jjaks hastily avoids being caught. After being tracked down by a
private investigator, Darrin soon finds out that Aunt Sally has
died. After being trapped in a broken elevator, Oscar and Charity
are finally rescued when it starts working again. After bidding
an emotional goodbye to Lenny, during which he tells him that
they will always be best friends, Bobby offers himself to
Rafferty to fulfill his end of the bargain by accepting a ride
"Downtown" (essentially, to Hell). After boarding his train to
Sun Valley, Christine wins the man's affections and then shocks
him with hints that she expects a commitment. After borrowing
money from Hannah, she starts a catering business with April
(Carrie Fisher), a friend and fellow actress. After both break up
with their significant others, Joe realizes his feelings towards
Kathleen, and begins building a face-to-face relationship, still
keeping his on-line identity a secret. After breaking the
sculpture, Zach blames it on her three-year-old son and the
couple soon leave. After breaking up for the summer, the four
friends regroup for a party held by Stifler (Seann William
Scott), their overtly sex-crazed class clown and good friend.
After breaking up with her Evan goes to his cousin Quincy and
asks him to talk to her,hopefully convincing her that Evan's a
good guySince Quincy has never met her,he doesn't know what she
looks like so Evan tells him that she has long black hair. After
breaking up with her, he runs into another guy who is wearing the
same kind of locket that Kim gave him long ago. After building
his dream house for himself and his longtime girlfriend Becky
(Dana Delany) in his hometown, he is crushed when she refuses to
marry him. After burying the "time capsule" they go their
separate ways. After buying them alcohol, Megan plays with their
skateboard. After calming him, they discuss the show. After
carrying the chant for a while, he finally changes it to, "Do we
wanna ROCK. After checking his finances, Reed determines that the
dairy will survive, but that money will be tight. After checking
into the elegant Eaton Hotel, she is mistaken for a new maid by
bellboy Jimmy Dobson (Robert Walker), who offers to accompany her
on an afternoon stroll through Central Park. After church the
next Sunday, Nancy and Julia spot a handsome man, Charles Bryant
(James Stacy), who has moved to Beulah to be the new
schoolteacher. After class, James invites her to a party at the
country club the next day and she accepts. After classes at
Wainwright College begin, Andy's troubles continue to build,
causing him to consider quitting college. After clearing up the
misunderstanding and receiving upgraded rooms and coupons to
various clubs, they party and drink together and end up getting
married. After climbing in Sarah tells Jake how she feels about
him and they kiss. After concocting a scheme, Billie takes
control of the unconscious and tied up aviator and relishes in
the fact that the gang treats her as an equal (Lady is a Tramp
Reprise). After confessing his feelings by writing them in
Jamie's yearbook, he attends Jamie's graduation party. After
confirming their feelings for each other they begin to kiss when
police officer Assi (Nitai Gvirtz) knocks on their door. After
confronting Nina about her affair with Kevin, Adam and Nina break
up. After considerable running around, David and Susan are jailed
by a befuddled town policeman, Constable Slocum (Walter Catlett),
for breaking into the house of dr Fritz Lehman (Fritz Feld)
(where they had cornered the circus leopard). After convincing
her that they need to rescue Natalie, the pair infiltrate the
laboratory and Cody rescues Natalie, also explaining the truth
about why he went out with her. After crashing at the bottom of a
hill, he moves into kiss Alicia, who sneezes instead. After
cursing her stupidity – and noticing her money and card gone –
she goes home. After da Vinci gives Henry and Danielle a
painting, they share a kiss. After dancing all night in an
underground club and smoking marijuana, he even starts rapping in
public. After dancing, they head to a backyard which is like a
forest. After dating around, Jenn has a one-off night of
passionate sex with her boss's brother, Louis. After deciding
nothing, except that violence is good, they disperse. After
defending herself and the book, she resigns telling the school
board she's going to Rome where she will encounter people who
really know the meaning of love. After delays in obtaining the
children's birth certificates, they and Pete finally fly to
Boston, and go to Emmadel's house. After delivering a baby in his
cab, he starts treating other passengers and practicing medicine
illegally. After dinner one night, Meryl and Paul witness the
murder of one of Meryl's real estate clients. After dinner that
night, the men dance and lip-sync to "Can You Stand the Rain" for
the ladies to great response. After dinner they go to Tomas's
studio and Tomas shows Mark his paintings. After dinner, Judy and
Gabe get into an argument about her not sharing her poetry. After
dinner, Sophie talks to Charlie about love, and the two kiss.
After dinner, Tom confesses to Burt that Munch has recently
suffered her fifth miscarriage and that they seem unable to have
biological children. After dinner, he is introduced to the
handsome young duke, well prepared after weeks of intensive
training. After discharge from the hospital, Edy takes Jesse to
his store, Jesse has decided to take up the family business
instead of going back to Iraq. After discovering Pamela has
married someone else, Susan rushes to the train station and
confesses her deception, and she and Philip decide to marry in
Nevada while en route to the West Coast and embarkation for
overseas service. After discovering that Larry has agreed to
union demands, Niles takes revenge, by telling both Cindy Jo and
Jewel of Larry's dinner date with Ellen. After discovering that
she accidentally over recorded the Sensation single and feeling
guilty for lying to Ty, Elle goes into hiding, donning stupid
disguises. After discovering that they have run out of money, the
twins coax Andy into giving them a total of $3795 cash before he
realizes that he has been fooled. After discovering the affair mr
Robinson arrives at Berkeley and confronts Benjamin at his
rooming house, not knowing whether he can prosecute him but he
thinks he can, and threatens to put him behind bars if he sees
his daughter again. After discovering they are stuck on the same
situation, the two end up spending more and more time together
bringing the best out of each other. After discussing it with his
friends, Tom decides to be her maid of honor, only to spend time
with her and try to convince her she does not even know Colin, as
well as making her realize that he loves her and she should be
marrying him. After doing a pole dance for Crenshaw, they
confront him and tell him they are the Tripplehorns. After doing
some research however, Grace finds out that Tom is a multi-
millionaire and changes her mind. After doing this, she returns
home. After dr Molar bails Jack out of jail, Mahi Mahi meets him
outside and admits that Korman left for Vegas with Betsy and has
convinced her to marry him. After drifting for hours through
various streets and piazzas, they finally make it back to the
square in front of the church only to have the novelist abandon
Lucy in pursuit of an old man who, she says, is her "local colour
box". After driving across Asia, both cars enter the tiny kingdom
of Pottsdorf, whose alcoholic and foppish Crown Prince Hapnick
(also played by Lemmon) is a double for Fate. After dropping off
George, Gerard heads towards Niagara Falls, where he again
considers suicide until a boy standing there tells him that he
gets his best ideas when he is by himself. After dropping the
girls off at a wedding, the men visit a pub. After drunkenly
carousing on the town, idle playboy Jonathan Blair (Herbert
Marshall) wakes up to find that Texan Valentine Ransome (Barbara
Stanwyck) has spent the night in his mansion. After dumping the
body in a river Joe and Belle talk about ex lovers and Joe finds
out Belle is a Lesbian. After each one reads her letter from
Cynthia, and feeling that they have been taken for granted by
their husbands, the women decide to create the First Wives Club,
aiming to get revenge on their exes. After eating a huge dinner
and dancing and having fun, Masha and Bryan have sex for the
first time. After eating in soup kitchens and sleeping in
homeless shelters with the Girl, Sullivan finally decides he has
had enough. After eating, both Guillaume and Quinn play short
recitals. After eight months of treatment in a mental health
facility for bipolar disorder, Patrick "Pat" Solitano (Bradley
Cooper) is released into the care of his father Patrizio (Robert
De Niro) and mother Dolores (Jacki Weaver). After eighteen
months, Charley is released from prison and reunites with Eadie.
After eluding airport authorities, the animals find themselves in
the city of San Francisco, with home on the other side of the
Golden Gate Bridge. After encountering a Nubian mountain African
tribe, Joan and Jack's romance is rekindled. After encountering
each other again, she accepts his invitation for a New Year's Eve
dinner, but does not take it seriously and soon forgets about it.
After encouragement from Anna, he tells the world, through "ten
rules" (mirroring the Ten Commandments), that he talks to a "Man
In The Sky" (God) who controls everything and promises great
rewards in the good place after you die, as long as you do no
more than three "bad things" (Sin). After enduring a frosty
reception from the locals, icy roads and freezing weather, she
warms up to the small town's charm, and eventually finds herself
being accepted by the community. After enjoying a night of
dancing and drinking tequila with the Mexicans, Peter and Christy
go out into the moonlight and kiss. After escaping a bad
hitchhiked ride with an unstable stranger, Breezy loiters near
Frank’s home, and runs to him as he’s leaving for work. After
escaping from Lulu, Harold takes Amanda on a date to a local
fair. After escaping from jail with the help of Coach Norton,D.
After escaping from the Prince and his henchmen, the three are
shipwrecked and washed up on another island. After escaping he
encounters human society at a shopping mall, buys a tuxedo, goes
on a date with a woman (Laurie Metcalf) who thinks he is Jeff,
reducing her to an emotional wreck, and then loses his head
(literally) over Frankie's best friend Trish (Glenne Headly) who
has taken refuge in Frankie's apartment after walking out on her
husband who is a star on the popular daytime soap opera New
Jersey. After escaping, Beth reveals to Denis that she only came
to his party because it would be "funny", leaving Denis
disappointed. After escaping, Jjaks returns to the motel, unaware
that Sam has been following him. After evading Collins and
Armstrong, they are eventually hit and are separated by an SUV.
After every one of their dates, she tells him she never wants to
see him again as she refuses to marry a poor man again. After
everyone has arrived, they all sit down for Christmas dinner.
After everyone leaves the island, complications begin. After
everyone leaves, Nikko and Courtney share a kiss. After everyone
leaves, Thea and Nick kiss until the lights go out. After
everyone leaves, as Mia's casket is lowered into the grave, Lance
finally breaks down. After exiting the courthouse, they meet with
Sandra. After experiencing a failure in the ending of the last
film, Alfie - now working as a 1970s' cross London-France HGV
driver alongside Bakey (Paul Copley) - decides to get back to his
old self. After experiencing his memories, R sees Perry’s
girlfriend Julie, and in a moment of mercy, saves her from the
others. After facing many trying ordeals such as Snow Sand and
Rodents of Unusual Size, Westley and Buttercup successfully
navigate the Fire Swamp, whereupon they are captured by Prince
Humperdinck and his cruel six-fingered assistant, Count Tyrone
Rugen. After facing these several lessons of life, Andy concludes
that he may still have some growing up to do. After failing the
knowledge portion of his driver's exam, Les takes the road test
(and passes), following a computer surge that he inadvertently
caused. After failing to contact Josh, Nat sits down. After
failing to find a rich husband for Ella, Sir Peter decides to
marry Dame Olga in order to pay off his debts. After failing to
get her attention by waving his arms, George begins folding
airplanes from a stack of papers on his desk, throwing them out
the window one by one in an attempt to get her to notice him.
After failing to get her dream job as a newspaper intern, she
comes to the conclusion that it is because she is a girl. After
fainting, Victor wakes up and finds out he was spirited away to
the surprisingly festive Land of the Dead. After falling out with
Zack, Dean deliberately tells Laney about the bet and she forces
a confession from Zack in public. After fighting with her
boyfriend, she stays over at the house. After fights, the bad
guys can get away with the bag of money, leaving Didi and Sister
Maria fainted. After finally performing a miracle - creating a
star in the sky next to one that Mikal had created earlier - Zia
enters the black hole under the car seat. After finally telling
her the truth, Herb soon finds himself quite attracted to Vivian,
and eventually the feeling becomes mutual. After finding Sheila
there, he angrily attacks Mike. After finding Torchy in Margie's
robe, has him brought to the Provost Marshal on a charge of
insanity. After finding out the truth, Meg kicks Fred in the
face. After finding out they have more in common than originally
thought, they ride off on his motorcycle. After finding success
with a DNA restructuring formula in the first film, Sherman Klump
has created another formula which enables those who take it to
find the Fountain of Youth. After finishing his conversation with
Sir Robert, Goring engages in flirtatious banter with Mabel.
After five years of marriage, chemical engineer Lorenzo Xavier
Vega (Arnaz) tends to neglect his wife Susan (Ball) in favor of
his work. After five years of searching for her, he decides to
move on with his life by having her declared legally dead so he
can marry Bianca (Polly Bergen), all on the same day. After five
years, the two meet again in a chance encounter at a Chinese
restaurant. After fleeing the gambling scene, Akpors is arrested
by the cops before he reaches home. After fleeing to the town of
Lockville, the duo befriend elderly widow Mother Talley (Lucy
Beaumont). After fleeing, the three end up on yet another beach
where Lala chooses George over Harold. After flirting with
Mickey's wife, best pal Bob Sanders breaks the news that she's
pregnant, which makes Mickey try harder to win her back. After
foiling a purse snatcher who tries to steal Jenny Johnson (Uma
Thurman)'s purse on the subway, Matthew Saunders (Luke Wilson)
becomes Jenny's "hero" and starts dating this shy stranger. After
four months of patrolling in rain, Bubba is killed during their
first encounter, an ambush which leaves many of their fellow
soldiers wounded. After gazing down at the wreckage, he dances
away, picking out on his banjo Cat Stevens' "If You Want to Sing
Out, Sing Out". After getting Korman to agree to no sex, the
desperate couple agrees. After getting Tennessee drunk on his own
Irish coffee recipe, Thorndyke proceeds to tip the remainder of
the alcoholic coffee and whipped cream into Herbie's gas tank.
After getting close to the window she finds it is in fact closed
but she smashes it and goes inside anyway. After getting dumped
by his girlfriend Tiffani von der Sloot (Rebekah Kochan),
University of Arizona student Caleb Peterson (Scott Lunsford)
commiserates with his roommate Kyle (Jim Verraros), who notes
that while he has trouble getting the men he wants, he could get
any woman because he's gay. After getting immense proof on tape,
Kit reveals Brenda's secret to Allen, who suggests that she leave
before he reports her the police for fraud and blackmail. After
getting rid of the cops, 'Harold' tells Peggy that he has to
leave town for good and then becomes 14 again. After getting the
job, Donna puts her heart and soul into the training camp, and,
after meeting Weston, she is determined to be assigned to the top
route, "Paris, First Class, International". After giving birth to
her son, Dedee returns Tom's ashes to Bill, apologizing for her
actions in the past year. After giving him the magnum, Margie
again breaks up with him. After going on a somewhat successful
date, he stops by Erica's house and peeks in her window. After
going to see Amelia after a disastrous meeting with a wedding
makeup artist the two end up fighting as Amelia accuses Laura of
abandoning their friendship. After going to the Game Bang game
center, in which they were bullied by some street kids, due to
Anthony's dumb pizza car, they find a video of Anthony reciting
the Magic Pocket Slave Monsters theme (an obvious parody of the
Pokémon theme song and reference to Smosh's deleted video [their
first video]) at their high school graduation. After going to the
theatre, he sees Amanda Dell (Monroe) rehearsing the Cole Porter
song "My Heart Belongs to Daddy", and by accident the director
thinks him an actor suitable to play himself in the revue. After
graduating from high school, Donna tries to make ends meet by
working as a clerk in a Big Lots. After graduation, Cassidy
informs Sutter she is going to California with Marcus. After
graduation, Lizzie and her class embark on a trip to Rome, Italy,
chaperoned by their future high school principal, the stern
Angela Ungermeyer. After graduation, he enlists in the army,
where he excels at drill exercises and befriends fellow recruit
Benjamin Buford Blue, nicknamed "Bubba" (Mykelti Williamson), an
aspiring shrimp boat captain who suggests they go into the shrimp
business together after the war. After hanging up on him twice,
Mary spends the rest of her day fielding calls from various
Supreme Court justices who attempt to reconcile her with her
former fiancé, Phillip Manning (Jeffrey Lynn), a Justice
Department attorney. After having a fight with Rhiannon over
Olive's new identity as a "dirty skank", Olive decides to
counteract the harassment by embracing her new image as the
school tramp. After having a group heart-to-heart conversation,
the Bellas decide to adopt Beca's more modern and original music
style. After having breakfast with Gina, "Dave" goes to Josh's
school where he pretends to be a substitute teacher and
eventually is able to talk to Josh alone. After having briefly
flirted in quick succession with both friends (a situation which
severely strains their feelings of comradeship), Giovanna
realizes she's still in love with Ugo, her previous boyfriend,
and returns with him. After having no luck, Stevie suggests that
Jonah try an "arrangement" with a woman. After having spent nine
months in the terminal, Viktor is awakened by his friends who
give him news that the war in Krakozhia has ended. After he and
Otto have gone out to find Leo, supposedly at the George V Hotel,
Leo enters from Gilda's bedroom where he has spent the night with
her. After he arranges a surprise birthday dinner, Milly walks
out, taking Jess with her and the two go all the way to Yorkshire
ostensibly to see the moors where the Brontë sisters grew up,
though, in reality, Milly is chasing down a bartender, Ace, that
she had sex with post-surgery. After he breaks up with all three
girls, they agree that breaking his heart is the ideal revenge.
After he comes to, Drew explains what he was doing and asks for a
tour of the house. After he completes his getaway, Foley is
chased by Sisco while he and his friends—right-hand man Buddy and
unreliable associate Glenn—work their way north to Bloomfield
Hills, a wealthy northern suburb of Detroit. After he defeats the
Cycle Lords again, he reveals himself to be Michael. After he
delivers a woman's baby in an elevator, he is asked for his name.
After he departs and kills a young woman with a baby (Jeni
Perillo) whom he meets in a public park in Brooklyn, he brings
home an old female acquaintance (Naté Bova), for Ganja's first
kill. After he gets a role as a 'werewolf cavalryman' in the
school play alongside her, she comes onto him in the dressing
room and the two have sex. After he has packed and is about
leave, a dispossessed farmer (John Wray) stomps into his mansion
and threatens him with a gun. After he is finished, he returns
home to his best friends and fellow party hosts, Stevie (Sarah
Snook) and Gus (Ryan Corr). After he is restrained Alain gets a
call from Louise, Cécile has not shown up for work, he calls the
police, Manise goes back for Cécile and they go to her house.
After he leaves, Bill shows up. After he leaves, Jimmy discovers
her crying and tries to comfort her. After he leaves, it is
revealed that Minta is in love with him. After he leaves, she
finds that there is ink after all; unable to get a taxi, she
steals a car and follows him to the Casino. After he leaves, the
Flower Girl tells her grandmother (Florence Lee) about her
wealthy acquaintance. After he leaves, the young woman breaks
down in tears, believing her secret love for him will never be
returned, now that he is dating a princess. After he loses his
money gambling in Buenos Aires, he goes looking for a job with
Eduardo Acuña (Adolphe Menjou), the wealthy owner of a nightclub.
After he reads her future, he allows Brooke to use his phone and
she learns her friend could not get into her home to retrieve the
letter. After he recites some of his poetry for her, they have
sex. After he reunites with Sasha and David, they head to the
latter's house where he returns and reunites with his parents.
After he sins to make sure he goes to Hell, he and Valerie
express their love for each other and she kills him. After he
temporarily paralyzes Eric Von Zipper, the leader of the local
outlaw motorcycle club, who was making unwanted advances on
Dolores, she develops a crush on the Professor. After hearing
Doug's plea, Jimmy agrees to be his best man for a fee of $50,000
and all expenses paid. After hearing his father's revelation,
Scott finds Fran and asks her to dance with him. After hearing
his story, Amelia kisses Viktor. After hearing the news of their
break up, Kim appears to not care about Johnny anymore. After
helping Enrique finally marry Torres, Viktor awaits the arrival
of Amelia. After helping Oscar overcome his claustrophobia ("I'm
the Bravest Individual"), the pair are plunged into new panic
when the lights stop working. After helping him through an image
makeover and encouraging him to start talking to girls (which
results in him taking the most popular girl in school to the
prom), "Terri" starts to fall for him. After her boyfriend,
Tommy, leaves her for another girl, she goes to a bar where she
sees a talk show segment about Sally Weston, who has written a
memoir called My Life in the Sky, and decides to follow her
destiny by becoming a flight attendant. After her car is
repaired, Mary intentionally detours through Little Bend
repeatedly, hoping to see Harold again. After her client Albert
Osborne (Robert Benchley) makes a pass at her, Susan Applegate
(Ginger Rogers) quits her job as a scalp massager for the
Revigorous System and decides to leave New York City and return
home to Stevenson, Iowa. After her execution, the four friends
return to the siege of La Rochelle. After her first sex-ed class,
his 10-year-old daughter Maya insists on hearing the story of how
her parents met. After her grandparents tell her that her
grandmother can see the future, she confides her story in them.
After her mother arrives at the medical mission, Jackie becomes
visibly upset after seeing her being openly affectionate with the
children she is treating. After her mother dies, Carla and her
father decide to move to Salvador in order to achieve better life
conditions. After her shift, as morning breaks, the apprehensive
couple finds her family enjoying an open-air breakfast in their
sun-dappled garden. After her terrible night, Donna visits her
mother to talk about her upcoming abortion. After hesitating,
John calls out her name and runs toward the elevator. After his
cousin Evan (Morris Chestnut) reads Quincy's book he starts to
question his relationship with his girlfriend Nicky (Gabrielle
Union). After his declaration, Denis' mother and father leave him
and Rich alone at the house for their party, which no one
attends, as they are social outcasts. After his failed attempt,
Connor returns to his uncle Wayne's room and finds another woman
awaiting him in his bed and, fearing that this woman was the next
"Ghost" to accompany him on his journey to show him how he became
"himself", panics and runs out of his room, though it's clear
after he leaves that the woman in the bed awaiting him is
actually one of the bridesmaids hoping to have sex with him.
After his father died, Viktor had promised to collect the last
signature by coming to New York to find Golson. After his first
date with her, Harris discovers that Trudi has been cheating on
him for three years with his agent. After his girlfriend Beth
Slocum (Aubrey Plaza) dies, Zach Orfman (Dane DeHaan) is left
devastated. After his graduation in 1961, his mother takes him to
Vienna, where he writes his first novella. After his mom goes in,
Denis tells his dad it was worth it. After his mother's death,
however, Duffy becomes fixated on wanting to have a child. After
his name is called, Zack heads to the stage wearing only a
graduation cap and strategically carrying a soccer ball. After
his recovery, Bruce returns to his field reporting but takes more
pleasure in the simple stories. After his revelation, she tells
him he should go and to write about their night together. After
his three buddies, George, Don, and Rex, 'kidnap' Jim to take him
to another celebration at his home, Jim decides that he has had
enough of partying and goes to sleep. After his true identity is
confirmed, the district attorney gives Jones a letter identifying
him, so that he can avoid the same trouble in future. After his
trying to open the door repeatedly, it inexplicably and suddenly
opens, but he is unable to bring himself to leave, and the others
remain as well. After his wife accepts a position in Geneva,
Alfred devotes himself to the salmon project. After initial
success she faces eviction when a bad review and a run of poor
sales coincide. After insulting Thea, she tries to go at him.
After it ends, R falls asleep. After it goes sour she ends up
talking to Frazer, her 14-year-old neighbour who mows her lawn.
After it passes, Shadow asks Riley if he can help him and Sassy
find a golden bridge, which he remembers passing on the way
there. After kicking Travis and Theo out, Tracy is invited to sit
with the Warners while Walter offers his son-in-law a chance to
cut the turkey. After kissing David, Mary breaks out in hiccups,
a sign that she is in love. After knowing the truth, she shares
her heartbreak on social media in a video that immediately went
viral. After leading a successful revolt which places him on the
throne of Fortunia, the prince sends out searchers to find Snow
White and the Stooges, unaware that, thanks to yet another
inadvertent wish on Count Oga's sword, they are no longer in the
country of Fortunia. After learning from his lawyer, Northcott
(Thurston Hall), that Porter refuses to hear an appeal, the
furious Blair tries using his influence with her boss, Judge
Graham (Guy Kibbee), to have her transferred, but to no avail.
After learning of John, he shares Joanna's enthusiasm for the
pending nuptials and tells her father as much. After learning of
this, King Louis XIII appoints d'Artagnan to Des Essart's company
of the King's Guards and gives him forty pistoles. After learning
of this, Mandy summons Lucinda and dares her to live under the
gift of obedience, to know how it feels. After learning that
María Elena attempted to kill herself, Juan Antonio brings her to
his home, where Cristina already lives. After learning that
Russell had ordered the diversion of Nick's flight not to provoke
him, but to clear a path to make a plane with a medical emergency
on board next in line for a landing, Nick impulsively drives out
to Colorado to make amends with Russell. After learning that she
is also pregnant, Miles accepts that he will never get Vicki
back. After learning the truth on Sean and Mary Kate's wedding
day, an enraged Will refuses to give his sister her dowry which
is made up of a large sum of money and her family possessions
passed down from her mother. After leaving a party at a women's
dormitory (aka the "virgin vault"), Matthew (Jonathan Tucker) is
trapped in an elevator with an unknown, and unseen, woman when
the power goes out. After leaving his office Lainey meets with
Jake and the two rush off to be married. After leaving the hop,
Curt is coerced by a group of greasers ("The Pharaohs") to
participate in an initiation rite that involves hooking a chain
to a police car and ripping out its back axle. After leaving the
wedding together, Barbara Jane and Billy Clyde reveal their
feelings for each other. After leaving, Jesse sits on a park
bench, making a call to Lenny's parents to tell them about their
son and how he died so he can get closure and move on. After
looking at the contents of Jane's planner, he decides to use the
contents as material for a piece on the "perennial bridesmaid"
and hopefully be promoted to writing investigative pieces about
"real" news. After losing a competition to a rival pair, because
Scott started dancing his own steps, his dancing partner Liz Holt
(Gia Carides) leaves him for the rival male, Ken Railings, after
his partner Pam Short breaks both her legs in a car accident.
After losing a contract, by Debra’s doing, Katie gets fired, but
by using her charms, she manages to get a second chance from
Richard. After losing a match to an extremely elderly rink, the
team realises they need a coach to be prepared for the bonspiel.
After losing her to her record producer, Tony Lacey (Paul Simon),
he unsuccessfully tries rekindling the flame with a marriage
proposal. After losing round after round, and nearly getting
knocked out, Todd is tempted to become the wolf until he sees
Nicki mouth the words "I love you" to him. After lunch Phileine
calls Fabian for a tour. After lunch, Wilimena meets Natalie,
Natalie’s mother, and Natalie’s best friend at the bridal shop.
After making a list of all the men she slept with, she realizes
that her number is nineteen, making her decide not to have sex
with anyone else until she finds "the one". After making amends
with Frank, Dodge puts a sleeping Penny into his father's plane,
whispering to her that she is the real love of his life. After
making amends with Regina, Cady's guilt soon dissolves and she
returns to her old personality. After making an impassioned
speech about how lucky he is to be an American, Eddie asks "Mary"
to choose between him and her family. After making his way out to
the alley he gets into a car and is towed away while Mollie and
James search frantically for him. After making note of how often
the guards check the museum, Simon sets off the security alarm
surrounding the Cellini Venus using a boomerang he had bought at
the park a few days before. After many days of searching for the
right Lorenzo, they find that one is dead. After many episodes in
and out of school, including fending off a group of bullies led
by bodybuilder Greg Tolan (William Zabka), dealing with her real
college boyfriend Kevin (Leigh McCloskey) and being set up on a
blind date with a potential new "girlfriend" named Sandy
(Sherilyn Fenn), Terri manages to be accepted as "one of the
guys". After many failed attempts he never does find the
inspiring hold music, but instead finds inspiration during
Paula's birth. After many misunderstandings and comedic
revelations, Zoe and Stan are walking into the Market when they
run into Stan's ex-girlfriend. After many misunderstandings, he
is granted permission to accompany her, but circumstances and
Army regulations conspire to keep them from spending the night
together. After many months without a job, Michael hears of an
opening on the popular daytime soap opera Southwest General from
his friend and acting student Sandy Lester (Teri Garr), who tries
out for the role of hospital administrator Emily Kimberly, but
doesn't get it. After many years in limbo Bobby is finally given
his assignment: he is to return to Earth and act as a guardian
angel and friend for Lenny Barnes (Jason Gedrick), a promising
high school student who is constantly picked on in school,
particularly by school bullies Fred Gallo (Stephen Gregory) and
Bill McIntyre (Beau Dremann). After meeting each other, Minnie
falls in love with Mickey. After meeting her brothers, Rocky
decides to "take his medicine" by marrying her. After meeting two
mysterious dustmen, he is given the chance to travel back in time
and relive his romance. After meeting with Amelia once again and
wanting to take her out for a meal, Viktor begins improving his
English while attempting to find work, and is soon hired by an
airport contractor and paid under the table after he impulsively
remodeled a wall at a gate that was scheduled for future
renovation. After meeting with Lois he rushes off to meet with
Amy. After meeting with the President's advisors, David fashions
a Senate resolution for the American annexation of his island if
Phillip and Tom are given appointments far from Washington, and
he and Gustav are made United States citizens. After midnight
mass, Edy drives Anna home. After more arguing, everyone leaves
to vent, except for Sarah, who stays at her seat and continues
eating, sort of a gesture of comfort/support to Anna; and the two
have a somewhat awkward yet endearing bonding moment. After more
arguing, everyone leaves. After more discussion, they decide to
have a child together, despite never having had romantic feelings
for each other, and then to continue to date other people, to
find 'their one'. After moving beyond the heartbreak, Jessica and
Helen appear to remain friends, and it is suggested that Jessica
might now have a renewed interest in Josh, after both have left
the newspaper where they previously worked. After moving from
Detroit to Chicago, the duo cons the rich divorce lawyer Grey
Ellison into believing she backed her Mercedes into Bill, in
hopes of a free meal. After moving in an apartment, Jimmy
arranges her a job as an illustrator at his newspaper. After mr
Thompson takes a liking to Dupree and asks him to go fishing with
him, it enrages Carl because - even though he doesn't like
fishing - it's mr Thompson's way of approving someone. After mrs
Darbus attempts to leave, Kelsi Nielsen (Olesya Rulin), the
musical's composer, trips and drop her music sheets. After much
consideration, Justine decides to accept Holden's invitation,
only to be intercepted by her manager, Jack (John Carroll Lynch),
who insists that she take a very ill Gwen to the hospital. After
much crying, Maria writes a note and slips it through the door to
Roosevelt's dog, Fala, to deliver to his master. After much
debate, Jamal decides to do the selfless thing and stick with the
Banshees and help them win. After much discussion over several
days, Benjamin begins to talk her around. After much frantic
activity, all is ready for Darla's accelerated wedding. After
much pleading, Susan decides to take Pat back. After much
scrambling, they call the airport to get reporters to come, and
Val decides to impersonate the aviator. After much soul-
searching, Zach decides to ask Abbey to marry him—a proposal that
she turns down in order to move to New York City and pursue her
dream of being an artist. After much yelling, Josh admits that he
loves Molly. After narrating their love story, Akpors has the
biased opinion that Wilson is under a spell from his wife. After
narrowly escaping being torn apart in Thorndyke's workshop, and a
destructive spree through Chinatown, during the Chinese New
Year's parade, Herbie is about to launch himself off the Golden
Gate Bridge when Jim reaches him. After nearly shooting several
of his fellow soldiers on the pistol range, with the actual
target being the safest place to hide, Dodo is ordered to go into
the woods to practice. After nine months they decide to get help
instead of giving up on their marriage. After nineteen years of
marriage, Dan Edwards' wife Val is exasperated with his lack of
attention to her and the amount of attention he pays to a Los
Angeles advertising agency that he runs with his friend, Ernie
Brewer, a laid-back second-in-command. After numerous attempts at
hitchhiking fail, she pretends to faint. After numerous attempts
to get his father's phone number from his mom (Jennifer Jason
Leigh), Sutter retrieves it from his sister and plans to spend a
day with his dad. After observing Miller come to his grandson's
aid at the piano, he asks Danny to speak with his son, to give
him "some words of encouragement". After observing Nancy's acting
abilities, Ricardo offers her the part that he promised Frances.
After observing another caveman drag away a woman by the hair in
order to "claim" her, Keaton tries to become more assertive, but
is continuously pushed back and bullied by Beery. After opening
the trunk to his car, she pulls the gun on Bernie, blaming him
for ruining her life, where it ends in a Mexican standoff. After
ordering food, he takes the initiative by signaling to Kimberly
when she arrives. After outsmarting them, Jerry strategically
decides to take a vacation, so they all go to a religious mobile
home camp in the resort town of Clearlake. After overhearing
Gabriella and Troy practicing, Sharpay has ms Darbus change the
callback time to coincide with both the basketball championship
and the scholastic decathlon to interfere with Gabriella and
Troy's participation. After overhearing Zooey's friends voicing
their concerns over his lack of close male friends, Peter decides
that he needs to find male friends in order to have a best man
for the upcoming wedding. After overhearing the "blacksmith"
remind himself to hit the anvil with his hammer and not Garrick's
head, Garrick disguises himself as the blacksmith and, pretending
to be drunk, tells the aghast French actors that he has struck
and killed their intended victim. After performing a set at her
regular comedy club, Donna Stern (Jenny Slate) is dumped in the
bathroom by her boyfriend, Ryan (Paul Briganti), who confesses he
is leaving her for one of her friends. After performing an
impromptu song and dance for Flostre's disciples, they confront
Jo and Flostre. After planning and coordinating another
successful wedding ceremony, San Francisco wedding planner Mary
(Jennifer Lopez) is re-introduced to childhood acquaintance
Massimo (Justin Chambers) by her father (Alex Rocco) who wants
the two of them to marry. After playfully running around Sderot a
warning siren for qassam rocket attacks sounds and they hide out
in a public bathroom. After posting bail, they are let off and
once again happen upon the delivery truck outside a diner. After
practice, Mary brings up that they have yet to find a fourth
player, and Izzy agrees to join the team permanently, on the
condition that they change the name to Hot Chili Steppers. After
pretending to have met Miss Novak's mystery man—whom he claims is
overweight, balding, and unemployed—Kralik puts a blue carnation
in his lapel and finally reveals to Miss Novak that he is in fact
her mystery correspondent—her "dear friend"—and they kiss. After
pretending to not care about each other they admit that they like
each other. After pursuing him to an alley, Tramp asks Scamp to
come home, but Scamp refuses and decides to stay with Buster and
the dogs. After pushing Max away, Donna finally invites him to
the club to see her perform. After putting up Peter in his own
room and installing Christy in the same hotel, Doc summons June,
who finds Peter again succumbing to Christy's charms. After
reacting to the prick of the needle, Fini instantly gets his
voice back and proceeds to sing the following day at the Hatch
Shell in Boston. After reading her grandmother's letters, Bridget
leaves the dig early to visit Greta in Alabama, where she learns
that her mother, who committed suicide, denied having depression.
After realising he isn't gay he calls Didier for help when the
hot water stops working. After realizing that nothing is missing,
the frustrated guards decide the security system has
malfunctioned. After realizing that their own inability to
properly plan a wedding is what drove their kids to call it off,
they decide to set it right. After realizing that they don't have
any money, Freddie and Jjaks decide to go back and steal some of
Sam's money. After receiving a call from Masha's kidnappers
demanding a ransom, Bryan asks Lani for help. After receiving a
well-earned certification from a sheltered boarding school, Carla
Tate (Juliette Lewis), an ambitious and mildly mentally disabled
young woman, returns home to her over-protective and slightly
snobby mother Elizabeth (Diane Keaton). After reciting a romantic
excerpt from Shakespeare to Sam, Josie has horrible flashbacks to
when she read a romantic poem aloud in class to her high school
crush, a popular boy named Billy Prince (Denny Kirkwood), who
later asked her to their senior prom, making her dream come true.
After regaining consciousness, Shaw finds Reed, who leads him
into a trap set by Dawg, Ainslee, and the mutineers, who have
joined forces and intend to split the gold between them. After
rehearsals, Amber Lee catches the dogs alone and tells them that
she's trying to get the writers to cut out the part of the best
friend completely, allowing for more stardom for herself. After
releasing mice, he goes room to room, setting traps. After
repeated deliveries of flowers fail to accomplish anything, Bob
dresses up in armor and rides in on a horse, imitating Lochinvar,
a fictional knight Maria had adored when she was young. After
resisting their amorous advances throughout the night, Patty
leaves and returns to the Empire State Building, where she finds
Donald who has missed her and worried all night about her. After
resisting their efforts to reunite her with Phillip, Mary tells
Phillip that she broke their engagement not because she saw him
with another woman, but because she was not jealous about it.
After returning from Vermont, Ben and Missy separate and later
divorce. After returning from the hospital with a neck brace,
Dupree and Molly confront mr Thompson about what he really thinks
of his new son-in-law, while Carl had left. After returning home
from the reunion, the apartment's electricity is turned off.
After returning to Mandrake Falls, he learns from Crazy Eyes
(Steve Buscemi) that Cedar intends to sell off the company, which
will cause thousands of people to lose their jobs (Cedar had
convinced Longfellow to sell his shares by lying that he will
work commanding the company in honor of Preston's lifetime of
work). After returning to Molly's apartment, Kirk ejaculates
prematurely in his pants when things start to heat up, just as
Molly's parents (played by Eve's real-life parents, Sharon
Maughan and Trevor Eve) arrive for a surprise visit. After
returning to New York, Carol tells Melvin that she does not want
him in her life anymore. After reuniting Brett and Mary, Ted
leaves tearfully until Mary chases after Ted, saying that she
would be happiest with him. After running from state to state,
each time running because of a girl, they try their luck in
Louisiana. After running into Peter again, Christina buys him a
drink and they spend time together, Peter explaining that he will
be attending a wedding on Saturday and he is at the club with his
obnoxious, womanizing brother Roger (Jason Bateman) to celebrate.
After running into his ex-girlfriend Amy in a speed dating event,
David, who is still obsessed over her, has an emotional breakdown
while making a sale. After running into old friends, they learn
that their close friend, Rachel, has lost the love of her life,
Tony, to their ex-friend, Caitlin, a conniving gold-digger who
pretends to be pregnant to trick Tony into marrying her so that
she can use his money to keep her family's estate. After saving
the group from a racially motivated encounter with a police
officer, he finds out they are "soldiers" ofD, a local drug
kingpin to whom Nina's brother owes money. After saying goodbye
to Ivy, Wyatt gives chase to the delivery man and stops him in
time. After scalping her dead father for the piece, Morgan, now
the captain of her father's ship, the Morning Star, sets out for
the treasure. After school, Nell (in Woody's body), in
retaliation, breaks up with Breanna (Brooke D'Orsay), Woody's
girlfriend, much to the disappointment of Woody. After school,
Samantha was abducted by Piggy's gang in order to avenge. After
seeing Erika with Adolf Hitler in a newsreel filmed during the
war, Phoebe asks John to take her to army headquarters after
hours to retrieve the singer's official file. After seeing Jess's
skills, Joe accepts her on the team and Jess lies to Joe about
her parents being cool with the idea. After seeing Nando handing
out racy photos of Lucia at 2M, Michael wants to enroll Nando in
the American School at Rome, but Lucia wins custody of the boy.
After seeing Tad's house, Rosalee requests to go back to the
hotel and soon returns home leaving Tad thoughtful. After seeing
The Creature from the Black Lagoon, the young woman stands over
the subway grate to experience the breeze&nbsp;– Monroe in the
iconic scene in the pleated white halter dress, blowing her skirt
in the wind. After seeing a scene in a televised award show that
suggests Ron is now dating Kate, Dexter impulsively gives up his
role in Elephant. After serving all his working life with the
'South Star' line, exclusively in cargo ships, Albert Ebbs is
finally given command (abeit temporarily) of the SS Queen
Adelaide, a cruise liner sailing from London to Sydney. After
settling into their new home, Kay, who is very close to her
father, expresses her concern that the baby will make a
difference in her relationship with Buckley. After seven months
together they decide to marry. After seven years, lawyer Nick
Arden (Cary Grant) has his wife Ellen (Irene Dunne), missing
since her ship was lost, declared legally dead so he can marry
Bianca (Gail Patrick). After several chases, Joe and Jerry
witness additional mob killings, this time of Spats and his boys.
After several complications, only a confession can clear the
trouble. After several dates, Jenny displays increasingly
neurotic and aggressive behavior, becoming more demanding and
ultimately injuring Matt and destroying his bed the first time
they have sex. After several drinks, Peter, still believing that
he is humoring Christy, is cajoled by the jealous June and
intoxicated Doc to pledge his entire inheritance to various La
Jolla charities, including Doc's clinic. After several hours,
Bloom discovers that Stephen's bloodstain on his shirt has
changed in color from red to brown, indicating that it is not
fake blood. After several mishaps, the constantly quarreling
couple arrive at their destination, Bad Nauheim. After several
months of dating, Grace finally decides to tell Bob about her
transplant. After several months of watching Henry fall back into
a depressed funk, Kate encounters the sculptor once more, who
points out that if she had resolved her unfinished business, she
would have moved on to Heaven by now. After several more dates,
Grace shows Allegra a picture of her ex-boyfriend, and she learns
that Philip and Grace were together. After several sessions with
the group and dr Poke (Peter Bogdanovich), Dashiell is
complaining about how he has never been faithful when Lester
bursts out with some criticism that shocks everyone. After
several setbacks, Darrin eventually recruits many new members,
most of which he does so by promising half of the competition's
prize money to them (though he has no intention of paying
anyone). After sharing the news with neighbor Denny, a retired
baseball player turned radio talk-show host and fellow alcoholic,
Terry progressively grows close to the man, with whom she
eventually begins an intimate relationship. After shaving off the
aliens' fur, they turn out to be human looking and attractive.
After she and James declare their love, Helen walks out into the
road and is hit by a van. After she discovers cash concealed at
home, Jim tells her he stole the money to give her financial
independence. After she explains that she is a war widow with a
son to support, Steve refunds her money, a gesture that costs him
his job. After she faints during a lecture, Praetorius examines
her and informs her that she's pregnant. After she finishes the
song while the crowd is around her, John takes Georgia outside
and proposes to her. After she gives him a mysterious orb, he
goes to Central Park. After she invokes Frank's name to the
mayor, Frank himself appears, demanding his helicopter
transportation. After she is "rescued", she decides she needs a
vacation away from Vienna to recover from the excitement. After
she is given work as a waitress, she wins the hearts of all who
come in, including two older women who are regular customers, and
a 20-ish male laborer regular who develops a crush on her. After
she kisses Tom goodnight and he leaves, she is confronted by
David, who's been waiting on the porch all night. After she
leaves the next day, a frustrated Forrest decides to go for a
run, which turns into a multiple coast-to-coast three-and-a-half
year journey, bringing him once more to national attention. After
she leaves to sing on stage, the future João tells his younger
self that he will invent a time machine, and he has come back to
fix things. After she leaves, the head of the orphanage decides
to intervene on her behalf, knowing the Merlins to be charitable.
After she left her husband, they lived together briefly, but she
returned home. After she mistakes him for a stowaway and tries to
save him from the ship's crew, the misunderstanding is cleared up
and both are happily reunited. After she proclaims her love for
Ryan on-air, she is bitten. After she says, "yes", Phil strikes
Justine underneath her eye. After she seductively interrogates
him, they share a passionate kiss. After she turns him down, her
best friend Chandra agrees to marry him, much to Lalita's
confusion and consternation. After she witnessed a crime the
gangster Rocco (Danny Aiello) wanted to kill her, but following
his mother's advice he ended up using his connections to further
her career. After she's gone, George realizes that his time with
her has really changed him, as he keeps the promise he made to
her in the beginning even if it means it costs his company
millions. After shooting the reporter interviewing him, Minelli
becomes fed up. After shouting her love for him as the ship
continues to sail away, he dives into the water, but cannot reach
the ship. After showing Muriel to her bedroom, David makes his
contempt for Muriel known asking "what kind of person marries
someone they don't know. After showing her Beery's criminal file,
he takes Leahy home and prepares to leave, but she kisses him.
After showing him how Los Angeles looks from far away on a hill,
she tells him that her father used to bring her to the hill.
After showing him the missing bone which she'd found by trailing
George for three days, Susan, against his warnings, climbs a tall
ladder next to the dinosaur to be closer to him. After sitting in
with the Darlings to play a song, Andy manipulates Ernest into
telling him when the monster will show up in Myer's Lake again.
After six months of recovering from their failed relationships,
the two found themselves in a beach resort that Jake owns. After
slamming Spike, Spike leaps high in the air screaming in pain
just as Jerry hands off the board to Tom, framing the cat. After
smoothing things over with his mother, Darren is OK again until
Le Cocq says Prudence also said "Damn" to him in bed. After
sneaking over to Buckley and Kay's place, Stanley learns from a
cab driver that Kay took a taxi to his house. After some awkward
but friendly catching up, they part ways but each glances back
over their shoulder and they share a smile. After some bickering,
the two travel to London to meet almost unknown people who
believe knowing how to really the singer Hendrix died when he was
found lifeless in his hotel. After some convincing, Herk
reluctantly accepts the offer to pose as Bob. After some
defiance, the two women grow fond of each other. After some
discussion at Brainstorm the agency decides that they need to
find Viktor, whom they threw out after the meeting, and hire him
to work on the campaign. After some hilarious moments and
passionate exchanges, the two sisters join forces to fight off a
pesky rival salon owner Marcella (Gina Torres) and save Peaches
from her troubles by competing for a lucrative cash prize and
bragging rights at the city's annual hair show. After some
initial awkward exchanges, Josh suggests that Chloe and Guy get
together and they agree on a double date. After some initial
disillusionment, she meets Billy Boone (William Haines) in a
studio commissary; he tells her to show up at his set if she
wants work. After some mishaps involving getting hit on by a fat
girl, meeting the ugly girl he once made out with, he is again
confronted by Kevin. After some persuasion by his wife, Maria
(Lainie Kazan), Gus reluctantly permits Toula to begin taking
computer classes at a community college. After some persuasion
from Chloe Beale (Brittany Snow) the co-leader of the Bellas
along with Aubrey, she reluctantly joins the Barden Bellas. After
some persuasion, the distraught Tellman releases the gun to
Isabel, who drops it into a Kelly bag, an expensive gift from
Edgar, before throwing it off the Eiffel Tower. After some
prompting from Johnny and Ozzy, he reveals that he was the lucky
one, as his friend Lenny was not as lucky and Jesse feels some
guilt for this. After some tense talk, and groveling on Quinn's
part, Devon takes off the ring and asks Quinn to propose again.
After some thought, Peter decides to lend Sydney the money, and
later grants him the honor of being best man at his wedding.
After some time passes, Miles returns to the routine of teaching
school; coming home one afternoon, he receives a voice-mail from
Maya, who says she enjoyed his manuscript and invites him to
visit. After some verbal sparring with Mr Bennet baiting his
wife, it transpires that this visit has taken place at
Netherfield (Mr Bingley's rented house). After some years, Brian
is walking down the street with his wife, Kiva (Jocelyn DeBoer),
and their baby son. After speaking with her friends Jason (Jason
Segel) and Barb (Annie Mumolo), Debbie decides to improve her
marriage and family through exercise, and becoming more connected
with her parents. After spending a day with Sa5m, Charlotte
teaches Will how to properly kiss a girl, by demonstrating on
him; after an awkward start, Will kisses Sa5m at the Overlook.
After spending a romantic week in San Francisco and the wine
country visiting friends of Fini, the two eventually fall in
love. After spending so much time together, Nell and Woody become
very fond of each other and start to understand each other
better. After spending the day alone, Oscar attends the award
ceremony for Gay Professional Man of the Year. After spending the
day together, Miles and Maya return to her apartment and have
sex. After spending time with him she realises how unhappy she is
with her immature boyfriend Jed (Chris Carmack) and breaks off
their relationship in order to pursue one with Archie. After
spending too much time on Earth, most of the crew begins to
exhibit new "feelings", adopting Earth's culture, mannerisms and
general laid-back attitude. After spotting him, James and Mollie
give chase in his cab and eventually cut off the tow truck, but
discover Mikey had gotten out of the car and is now standing in
the middle of heavy traffic. After stubbornly insisting that no
outsider can seize control of a business his father began, Jorgy
is finally persuaded to hire his stepdaughter Kate (Penelope Ann
Miller), a big-city lawyer, to defend against a hostile takeover.
After successfully operating on Deborah, Praetorius tries to calm
her by telling her there was a mistake in her pregnancy test, but
she has fallen in love with him, and becomes upset at her own
embarrassing behavior. After suffering a humiliating practical
joke and condemned to prison, Benjamin escapes with Manette, who
realizes she prefers happiness to a marriage contract after all.
After taking Grace to a fancy dinner and telling her he made
anchor (angering her, as she thought he was going to propose),
Bruce begins to hear voices in his head. After taking Judith to
his truck, Brice goes back into the house and begins to beat
Harley until stopped by Melinda. After taking a phone call from
her neurotic mother Maggie, she returns to the table to discover
that her date has bumped into friends at the bar and invited them
to join them. After taking her on a date, he finds that her
morals are different from the multitude of his previous women.
After talking with Harry about what he has been doing, Calvin
intends to write Ruby back to her normal self, but the wording he
uses leaves Ruby confused. After talking with her, Godfrey finds
her to be kind, if a bit scatter-brained. After tasting her
secretary's secret recipe of tapioca pudding, she decides to
adapt a former yogurt production line to produce this special
recipe of tapioca. After tasting the food that Rene prepares,
Kay, as a joke, offers him a job as her cook. After teasing her
that he is a cad who woos married women, Jefferson reveals the
truth. After telling Kirk that she and Cam had broken up because
of his own insecurities, with him even cheating on her, she
admits she had indeed asked Kirk out because she considered him
safe and breaks up with him. After telling Mary about the
remainder of his book, Harold informs her that he is going to see
the publisher, Roger Thornby, in a few days to deliver a new
chapter that will be about her. After telling her aunt that she
won't invite Rodrigo over because she is ashamed to live in
EastA, Mary approaches Bruno outside his house. After telling her
the truth about the fake engagement, they begin a friends with
benefits relationship. After telling him of his short
misadventure, Lucas is asked to stay in the store until a plan is
devised to recoup the lost $9,000. After telling his story to an
empathetic audience in first class, which includes Billy Idol
(playing himself, sporting his 1980s trademark spiked hairdo and
biker attire), he learns that Glenn and Julia are on the same
flight as he looks through the curtain separating first class and
coach. After that boyfriend dies, the girlfriend becomes
delirious. After that, Pedro, the child George mentors, tells the
crowd that Tess had him clean George's apartment for money. After
that, Sa5m starts ignoring Will at school; he visits her house,
hoping to apologize. After that, Troy and Chad steal Jimmie and
Donnie's clothes, thus leading through a big chase and mrs Darbus
forced them to volunteer as understudies. After that, he goes to
the football game and watches Nell run in the winning touchdown
in the closing seconds. After that, she stalks off. After that,
the Latimores have him locked in the basement again and Blue is
chosen to stay and keep him from escaping. After the Gin game and
being told of the club's strict policy regarding guests, Jeffrey
is upset, but not for long, since he immediately landed a job as
a car valet and eventually, cabana steward. After the Mabbys
leave, Hymie assigns Dimples to keep an eye on Lambert. After the
Warrior's performance ends, Winnie approaches Rihanna and insists
that Crenshaw Heights should be disqualified ("or arrested") for
interrupting PV's routine. After the abortion, Gary and Karen
spend the remainder of the weekend alone together in Gary's
grandmother's house. After the abortion, Max takes Donna to his
home where he makes her tea, and then they watch Gone with the
Wind together. After the accident Terry, now unable to walk,
refuses to contact Nickie, wanting to conceal her disability.
After the act, the girls head to the showers and Rich and Denis
follow. After the annexation of Czechoslovakia by Germany, the
Von Lubers travel to Warsaw, where the baron sells arms to Polish
General Borelski (Albert Bassermann). After the band has
departed, O'Malley and Duchess converse on a nearby rooftop while
the kittens listen at a windowsill. After the band members leave,
Courtney frantically attempts to recruit Nikko into a show choir
named "Spectacular. After the bankruptcy of her father's
business, the penniless socialite Jeannette Desmereau (Colbert)
works with magazine editor Cyrus Anderson (MacMurray) and
publisher Jack Bristow (Young). After the banquet, Wei-Wei has
sex with a drunken Wai-Tung, and becomes pregnant. After the
battle, the Living decide to give the reviving Dead a chance, and
let them try to assimilate into their society. After the boys
disgrace themselves at dinner, Wilma nevertheless proclaims her
pride and follows them out. After the break up, Aram decides to
travel the world and to experience new things. After the break-
up, Chuck attempts to track down Anisha in order to break the
curse. After the call Caleb goes to Kyle and tells him he's
invited Gwen and Marc to dinner to clear everything up. After the
call, Axler kills himself with his shotgun. After the celebration
ends, they go back home only to find out that their parents have
fallen in love and will move in together, which would make them
step-siblings. After the ceremony, Brandy's two best friends,
Wendy (Sarah Steele) and Fiona (Alia Shawkat), take Brandy to a
party, where she gets drunk for the first time. After the
ceremony, Kevin introduces Kimberly to "Darryl". After the
ceremony, Muriel and David return to David's apartment and he
gives her a perfunctory tour of place. After the child welfare
agency takes Ariel, Wesley gives Lindsey a rent-free corporate
apartment. After the company's lab technician/chemist Rick
(Marcus Coloma) gets them away from the press, Ava and Tanzie
decide to make their own investigation by asking legal clinic
lawyer Henry (Lukas Haas). After the contract is awarded and
Akpors commences work at the restaurant, he narrates it to
Richard who cautions him that it was illegal to work and might be
arrested if discovered. After the couple talk to Reverend James
(TD. After the credits finish rolling however, Orked is shown
wearing a wedding ring sleeping beside Jason, who also has a
wedding ring. After the credits, Kate warns viewers at home
wanting to try this that destroying a man has consequences, and
the camera pans to several male teachers bending over to grab
some papers, all wearing thongs. After the curtain closes, Satine
succumbs to tuberculosis. After the dance, Melodie, who has a
crush on Andy, asks his advice on how to appeal to boys. After
the death of his wife, Win Berry retreats further into his own
hazy, vague fantasy world, while the family navigate
relationships with the prostitutes and the radicals. After the
dinner, Peter takes Rachel back to his hotel room and they begin
to have sex. After the dogcatcher takes Reggie to the dog pound,
the rest of all Junkyard Dogs impress Scamp, except Buster. After
the end credits, a competitive TV reporter, in despair that
Hartman got popularity by falling into the mine while trying to
save Mary, also jumps into the mine. After the end of World War
II, Jean Madison (Wanda Hendrix), a former WAVE ensign, meets the
former aircrew of an Army Air Corps A-20 Havoc light bomber named
"Sinful Sinthia" when they go to collect their unemployment
benefits. After the fallout, Lola leaves Max after Lloyd shoots
Mooré dead when he comes for the diamond. After the family
leaves, a tearful Emily comes to her husband, remorseful over
what has happened about the cut-away coat. After the fight that
follows, Paige treats his grazes and the two kiss for the first
time. After the first part of the credits, a scene was featured
where Samantha and Red kisses each other as they saw Top watching
them unhappy of what he just saw, and a sequel is then confirmed
that will be released soon. After the first shot Maggie locks Jo
out of the shop to keep her from interrupting the rest of the
photo shoot. After the funeral of Marc and Kyle (who had been
giving one another oral sex in the car until Celine Dion's tour
bus collided with theirs while going the wrong way), Kyle's mom
Helen (Mink Stole) takes in her nephew, geeky but cute Casey
(Daniel Skelton), and gives his number to Tiffani von der Sloot
(Rebekah Kochan), Kyle's infamous slutty fag hag friend, who
hires him at her salon "Nail Me". After the funeral, Caroline
opens the gift he left her. After the funeral, Darrin soon learns
from the Reverend that Aunt Sally had stated in her will that he
must direct the church choir and enter the annual "Gospel
Explosion" competition and win the prize money of $10,000 and in
doing so, will inherit Aunt Sally's stock in the company that
produces the show which is currently worth $150,000. After the
funeral, Renata mourns but is grateful for the time they spent
together and for Sam changing her life for the better. After the
game, Dodge meets up with Lexie and they ride into the sunset on
Dodge's motorbike, discussing with humor the possibilities in
their future, which include bankruptcy, scandals and jail time.
After the game, Pitka makes up with Jane and Coach Cherkov, then
meets Deepak Chopra and decides that he is fine with being the
first Guru Pitka instead of the next Deepak Chopra. After the
game, the men rush home, so Lance can say goodbye to Mia before
she dies. After the game, they congratulate each other for their
successes. After the game, when Stanley cannot find the carriage,
he frantically retraces his steps back to the house. After the
girl reads his letter, she tries to call Gyeon-woo repeatedly,
but is unable to contact him. After the group returns home, Chris
decides he needs to talk to Kate and the two break up. After the
handover has taken place, Doc and his lawyer Sauncho hear that
the Golden Fang schooner is leaving port. After the hearing and
Praetorius' acquittal, the film ends with Deborah, Shunderson,
and Barker in the audience watching Praetorius conduct the
orchestra in the finale of Brahms's Academic Festival Overture :
Gaudeamus Igitur. After the husband walks out of the room, not
wanting to participate, the marriage counselor notices a change
within the wife's demeanor. After the initial confrontation,
Franzi sees that the princess is in fact deeply in love with the
lieutenant, and decides to save the marriage by giving the
princess a makeover, singing "Jazz up your lingerie. After the
interview, Darius is questioned by two government agents who have
been following Kenneth and believe that he may be a spy because
of his communication with government scientists. After the
intruder comes to his senses, Deeds realizes what he can do with
his troublesome fortune. After the judge leaves, Felix admits to
Elizabeth that he had lied about the watch to stop the wedding.
After the junket, Gwen selfishly admits to the press that she and
Eddie are through and saying she's in love with Hector. After the
kids have fallen asleep, Vince goes to sleep in Jennifer's room
on an air mattress which then springs a leak. After the last
revelation, Martha flees with Archer in his car. After the local
roller rink closes down, X and his friends are forced to skate in
the ritzy uptown rink "Sweetwater". After the main credits roll,
there's an extended alternate take of Catherine ad-libbing
insults during the conversation with Debbie, Pete, and the
principal. After the marriage is annulled, Cas thought it was
over. After the marriage, Marty (who crashed but survived on an
island) turns up at one of Julie's shows. After the meeting with
the wedding planner, Caroline calls off the wedding. After the
meeting, Lester and Ramona are lying on the bed, where Ramona
reveals that a past boyfriend, Steven (Brian Kerwin), had come
over and that they had had sex, but that it was before she and
Lester were serious. After the movie, Dylan invites Josh to her
house, where they make an "everything-but-the-kitchen-sink
sundae". After the night is through, she is passed out asleep in
the back. After the ordeal gains the attention of numerous
members of the household and community and Ted is carted off to a
hospital, he subsequently loses contact with Mary. After the
other Latimores leave to go to the wedding, Norbit escapes from
the basement and past Blue's guard and races to the church on his
bike. After the outbreak of World War II, George immediately
enlisted as he saw the need to stop Hitler and the Nazi regime,
but was not faithful to Lucy during his time at war. After the
parents leave, Gabe and Rosemary begin talking, and he interrupts
her by kissing her. After the party ends, Pamela sings "Love is
All" with the maid, Sara (Cecilia Loftus), playing piano and her
mother listening. After the party is over, Rick goes to party at
Coakley's while Fred takes a girl to his hotel room. After the
party, Joel and Lana go and have sex on the deserted Chicago 'L'.
After the party, Josh asks Amy out to the spring formal. After
the party, both of them go back to Molly's apartment and make
out, where Kirk discovers Molly's "defect" is slightly webbed
toes, which Kirk considers so minor that he decides that she is
indeed too perfect for him. After the pastor proclaims them
husband and wife, everyone sings "Meet the Flintstones". After
the performance Rachel congratulates Peter and tells him she's
looking into attending school in the area. After the performance,
the other members of Flux, upset by his carelessness, kick him
out of the band; Nikko's girlfriend Amy (Britt Irvin), who is
also in the band, dumps him. After the phone call Joe becomes
suspicious of Abigail and they get off the bus and head to
Sderot, a city that is an ongoing target of Qassam rocket
attacks. After the play ends, she boards the cable car to return
home with "a poignant wish, a powerful longing that the cable car
would never stop anywhere, but go on and on with her forever".
After the police leave, Lucas admits defeat, and suggests calling
Mitchell. After the police rescue them from Norris, the film ends
with Melsa and Ames planning their honeymoon. After the power
went out in the earlier party and party-goers pitched in to help
pay, Gus realizes that the three of them could make a weekly
salary if they held a party once a week. After the race, Herk is
arrested for bank robbery and Frankie and Tad reunite with their
girlfriends. After the rain subsides, they open the roof up and
view the stars. After the ransom is paid, he realises that he has
been the victim of an elaborate con. After the restaurant closes
for the night, Newton learns she merely pretended to be
Hungarian, and can speak English. After the session they have an
argument. After the sham wedding, Sylvia is sent off to Paris by
Gaylord, to get her out of the way so he can continue his nightly
debauchery. After the show, Rosemary's parents tell them to say
goodnight and her parents go to get milk. After the shy Victor
ruins the wedding rehearsal by forgetting his vows and is scolded
by Pastor Galswells (Christopher Lee), he flees and practices his
wedding vows in the nearby forest, placing the wedding ring on a
nearby upturned tree root. After the song ends, Sydney attempts
to toast the newlyweds and Peter runs to frantically stop him as
the screen cuts out (still remembering Sydney's ill-advised toast
at the engagement dinner). After the spaceship is hit by Josh's
single mother Gina Morrison (Elizabeth Banks) and her car, the
Captain decides to befriend Gina and Josh, telling them his name
is Dave Ming Cheng, based on a quick scan of common Earth names,
and Gina's comment that he looks more like a Dave than a Ming
Cheng. After the speech, it is revealed that Beth in fact has a
boyfriend, an off duty army soldier named Kevin who threatens
Denis. After the storm passes, Jenny and Ryan return to the
resort, where Jason and his manager tell Jenny that they need her
help to maintain the 'stranded' story at a press conference.
After the storm subsides, both leave the cabin, the Prospector
continuing on to the next gold boom town while Jim returns to his
gold deposit. After the success of No. After the talent show, all
the Wildcats go to the golf course to enjoy the fireworks. After
the talk she finds a reason to spend time with him and suggests
she model for him; that evening, she puts on a sophisticated
dress and sneaks away from home and into his apartment while he
is out. After the tragic death of her husband, John's wife
decides her son Willie (the infant Buster Keaton Jr) will not
suffer the same fate. After the two men talk, Ben comes to
realize he's not selfless enough for a life with Lou and plans to
not see her anymore. After the villains are arrested, Cody
returns to the camp, where Derek is now in charge as reward.
After the way things start off, it doesn't seem likely. After the
wedding, Marina moves into Leo's blue-collar neighborhood, where
she successfully commiserates with such eccentrics as withdrawn
teenager Eugene, frustrated singer Stella Keefover, unlucky-in-
love actress Robyn Graves, over analytical psychiatrist dr Alex
Tremor, and closeted lesbian dress shop clerk Grace. After the
wedding, Sebastian kisses Shonda, finally winning her affections,
and presumably begins a relationship. After the wedding, as
George is being sworn in as the new first selectman, a badly
needed fire engine pulls into town, a present from Malone. After
the wedding, at the reception, Julianne tells Michael that he and
Kimmy can use their special song until they find one of their
own, essentially acting like a true best friend. After the
wedding, the two couples drive away from the ceremony together,
discussing crashing another wedding together. After their car has
a blowout, Jerry kills Leroy and finds out that he is one of
Nayman's men named Winston Baldry, and that the real Leroy was
the man Winston killed. After their death, the public reacts with
outrage and expresses urge to bring Indian politics to justice,
following the motives of all the boys. After their deep
conversation, Margo decides to go to New York City and asks
Quentin to accompany her. After their exchange, Klara Novak
(Margaret Sullavan) enters the gift shop looking for a job. After
their first dance and kiss, Laney asks Zack about his bet with
Dean (which is now lost), and Zack responds that he will
gracefully honor the terms. After their guard dies, zombies
attack Stacy. After their last ditch attempt to get a bus to
Boston fails as they don't have enough money, Brooke borrows a
man's phone and calls a friend whom she begs to go to her house
and retrieve a letter she has left for her husband that she does
not want him to read. After their lovemaking that night, Alvy is
"a wreck", while she relaxes with a joint. After their meal,
Julia and Grant head back to her apartment, where they have sex.
After their nights out Jake and Lainey spend the night together
where they realize that they are both in love with one another.
After their rescue and return to society, Henry comes to visit
Susan to propose they be together. After their rescue, Tom joins
the RAF while Gusto remains in France as a war correspondent.
After their second meeting, Arielle reveals that she is married
to a diplomat, Valery (Lambert Wilson), and they have two young
children. After their somewhat disastrous dinner, Bradley and
Caroline demanded to go dancing and accused Eliot of being
neither spontaneous nor romantic; he stands up for himself and
defends his actions and firmly states that he is trying his best
to change for her. After they are alone Logan makes Chelsea a bed
for her to sleep on her own but during the night Chelsea goes
into Logan's bed and he fails to resist, they sleep together.
After they are finished with Vincent in Chicago, the ladies move
on to New York City and Van Payson (GP. After they are separated
shortly after their marriage, Annabelle doesn't really know what
her husband looks like. After they bring the passed-out Jeff into
the house, the judge explains to Andy how low man falls when he
allows himself to reach this state. After they escape on the
Morning Star, Morgan collapses from her wound, but is saved by
Shaw, who is a self-proclaimed doctor. After they exit, Bottom
awakes, and he too decides that he must have experienced a dream
"past the wit of man". After they fight over Laida's decision to
present a woman's theme on Bachelor to MET, Zoila and friends
present a theme of 'transformation' on Laida. After they finally
did have sex, Connor falls in love with her, but when he lies in
bed with her to fall asleep beside her, he remembers his uncle
Wayne's warnings about sleeping and spooning with the opposite
sex after a night of passion. After they find out about Eva's job
offer, the significant others panic and attempt to break up the
blossoming romance, claiming their wives never let them hear the
end of the latest with Eva and Ray, and that Eva intends to stay
in the city. After they get back from the retreat, it's time for
the judge to decide what happens to the money. After they get
there, and Les' mother is taken into the hospital, a crane fails
and a falling steel girder crushes the Cadillac, much to the
shock of Les and his father. After they have gone, he informs
Cornelia she had better find her pearls herself, as they are not
insured. After they hire Winthrop, they convince Nancy to invest
most of her money in the scheme. After they kill her, Deb drops
the supplies, alerting many zombies. After they leave the
psychic's place, Brooke reveals to Nick that she had discovered
that her husband was cheating on her. After they leave, Christina
and Courtney go on a series of misadventures including an
exploding toilet, a glory hole discovery, and a motorcyclist who
is led to believe Christina is giving Courtney oral sex. After
they leave, Liz arrives to the studio, thinking Bart got beat up.
After they leave, Mike goes back to Alicia's room and they
finally make love. After they leave, it's shown that Charlie was
singing as a audition for an agent and is rejected. After they
leave, the clash of cultures drives Becca into seriously
considering returning home, but Crawl advises her to give it a
chance and she soon begins to acclimate; cutting and dyeing her
hair, dressing in a more Californian manner, and even getting a
tattoo of a butterfly on her ankle. After they meet, everything
falls into place for Lucas, as she urges him to "write what you
know". After they return home to Calvin's house, the relationship
is tense. After they return home, the four brothers ram their car
into Barry's, leaving Lena mildly injured. After they reunite,
she tricks the producer of her show to give Mike a 25% share and
co-producer credit so the show can continue. After they run away
from the reporter, she broadcasts a report on them, asking if
they are thieves or heroes. After they speak, a woman and a
little boy walk into the pharmacy, revealed to be Brice's new
wife and child, making it clear things didn't work out between
the two. After they talk about his debt he requests to hear her
hold music, but finds a different song playing as the songs are
randomly assigned each day. After things go too far between Tom
and Lois, Tom quits and begins to plan a wedding with Ruth. After
things settle down, everyone sits down and begins to catch up and
each persons story is brought up: Jesse has just returned from a
three-year tour in Iraq and is being prepared by Edy to take up
the family business; Roxanna is waiting on news regarding a new
TV deal; and Mauricio is an attorney and Sarah is in finances and
making a great deal of money, but don't have time for much else.
After thinking about the situation, and his conversation with mrs
Prentice in particular, Matt calls everyone together to make an
announcement. After thinking it over, Johnny decides to run away
with Professor Ford. After this Dick accepts sex in the camp and
allows Zack and Benji to perform. After this adventure, Axler
feels rejuvenated and decides he wants to perform in Long Day's
Journey after all. After this exchange he leaves, planning to
return in the morning to see Loretta. After this incident, where
Charles was not only stood up by Claire since the carriage never
arrived, but also deprived of a chance to come to her aid, he
swears to avenge Robert Latour's insolent behaviour. After this
second overnight stay at the hotel, she begins to become a more
active part of his life. After this story is told, the chairman
concludes the hearing in Praetorius's favor, and Elwell walks
away alone and discredited. After this, Brodie requests that his
friend Tricia Jones retrieve footage of her having sex with
Shannon. After this, Eddie hatches a plan which culminates with
Viktor defecting from Brainstorm and stealing a client in the
process. After this, Helena will go with Ricardo to Spain,
becoming a model and never seeing João again. After this, João
tells his younger self that Helena's ex-boyfriend, Ricardo, will
bring her champagne with a drug, and due to the effects, she will
humiliate him on stage, by putting honey and feathers on him.
After this, Lucy decides to avoid George, partly because she is
confused by her feelings and partly to keep her cousin happy—Miss
Bartlett is wary of the eccentric Emersons, particularly after a
comment made by another clergyman, mr Eager, that mr Emerson
"murdered his wife in the sight of God". After this, Nell and
Woody reach a truce and realize the statue of Tezcatlipoca at the
museum had something to do with their body swap. After this, he
has Helena released, and he donates to her all of his belongings.
After this, many concurrent stories run at the same time, some
interacting with each other, others staying mainly separate.
After threatening a man determined to outbid her, Morgan wins the
auction. After three weeks Brian decides to meet again with
Arielle. After three years away, the actress Camille returns to
Paris in an Italian troupe run by her lover Ugo, who is touring
Europe with an Italian-language production of a minor Pirandello
play. After trying to bargain, Blair gives in to all his demands.
After trying to secure roles in myriad productions he finally
finds employment as an extra, and what follows is his
misadventures as he becomes involved with shady business men,
producers and mobsters, all of whom are fixated with show
business. After tumbling through a series of YouTube videos, they
eventually end up in a Jenna Marbles (herself) vlog. After
tussling, Emma and Liv lie on the ground panting, and then make
up. After two weeks Amelia finally goes to the video rental store
and snaps when Bill is polite but distant towards her. After two
weeks, Oscar and Charity have continued dating, and she still has
not confessed what she actually does for a living. After two
years, it is shown that Miggy has lost the trust of the board
members since he lost the company's aircraft business, and is in
need of Laida's help. After unsuccessfully attempting to woo
various English women, including Mia and Nancy (Julia Davis), the
caterer at Juliet and Peter's wedding, Colin Frissell (Kris
Marshall) informs his friend Tony (Abdul Salis) he plans to go to
America, where he is convinced that his Britishness will be an
asset. After various misadventures, she finds Lucinda at the
wedding and tries to persuade her to take back her gift. After
visiting the Bennets, the couple moves to Ireland. After walking
for a few kilometers, the duo rest on the couch when an Ilonggo
woman in a taxicab meets them. After walking out on his
Compulsive Eaters Anonymous meeting, James goes to an ice cream
parlor, where he meets "big-time hottie" Beth (Silverman), who
recognizes him from Second City and offers him free ice cream.
After watching Jim and Herbie win their first race together,
Thorndyke, himself a major force on the local racing scene,
offers to cancel the remaining payments Jim owes on Herbie if Jim
can win a race that they will both be competing in at Riverside
later that month. After watching a series of performers, Akpors
decides to take up a challenge and display his peculiar dancing
style with the music of his choice to the audience' amusement.
After watching how Mary dances with Rodrigo, Bruno declines
Mary's offer of a dance to complete the decoration agreement.
After watching the film An Affair to Remember, Annie impulsively
writes a letter suggesting that Sam meet her on top of the Empire
State Building on Valentine's Day. After weeks of success, the
choir has become more popular, as more people have joined both it
and the church. After winning Ellie back, he happily proclaims,
"Thank God the French exist". After winning the affections of
Starla's parents, friends, and boyfriend, Genevieve soon begins
to take over Starla's life. After witnessing him reconcile
workers and employers in a parliamentary committee, the queen
realizes that Paige has helped him grow up at last and will make
a good queen. After witnessing their aunts cast a spell on a man
for a woman who seems obsessed with having his love, Gillian
decides to fall in love and Sally casts a true love spell to
protect herself. After work, Bud catches Fran Kubelik (Shirley
MacLaine), an elevator operator on whom he has had his eye, and
asks her to go to the musical with him. After work, John tells
her about the incident and invites her to his Thanksgiving for
friends. After work, Lindsey discovers she has been evicted.
After work, Polly walks home and wonders what she will do to make
ends meet. After work, however, she is sidelined by Anton and,
believing that he is romantically interested in her, goes to his
apartment. After work, their water gets turned off before they go
to their high school reunion. After working for several months,
this success builds up her confidence and encourages her to
attend open interviews for Royalty Airlines. After years alone,
and finding out that her ex-husband, who is also the father of
her son, has come out of the closet as bisexual, she falls in
love with a new neighbor, Marvin King. After years of being a
carefree bachelor, he thinks he is now ready to settle down.
After years of being happily married, Nick reveals to Deborah
that he has had an affair. After years of rejecting Jake's
advances, Isabella finally leaves her husband, and she and her
children move into Jake's small apartment above his fish store.
After years of struggling, inventor Tom Wakefield sells his hair-
removal invention for a quarter of a million dollars. After yet
another race ends in a crash (and Tennessee turns his Edsel into
a sculpture), Jim finds himself without a car and heads into town
in search of some cheap wheels. After, they have drinks and show
off their dance moves. AfterJ. Afterward he takes Michael home
while Sarah lights candles and sets the mood. Afterward she
regretted it and Joey dumped her, so she vowed to never again do
anything just because everyone else was doing it. Afterward,
Axler asks her why she agreed to go home with them, and she
admits she recognized him as a famous actor. Afterward, Jake
drives to the church just in time to meet an incredulous Sam
after her sister's wedding. Afterward, Jeff takes Caroline
boating. Afterward, Kate tells John that she heard about what he
said in the locker room about her. Afterward, Kitty tries to
arrange a relationship for Mae with Dan Chancellor, a wealthy
Canadian bachelor who had heard of Mae's service. Afterward, Mibs
tells a man she thinks is a "reporter" about all the expensive
gifts Johnny has given her, only to learn that the man actually
works for the IRS. Afterward, Nicholas tells Judy he believes her
and the couple promise to make amends and create a new life
together. Afterward, Tommy tries to confess to June, but she
misunderstands and thinks he has found her out instead.
Afterward, Walter offers to remarry Hildy, promising to take her
on the honeymoon they never had in Niagara Falls, but then Walter
learns that there is a newsworthy strike in Albany, which is on
the way to Niagara Falls by train. Afterward, Whittier offers
Tina a spot on her squad, a position that Tina initially refuses
but ends up wanting. Afterward, feeling conflicted, he runs away,
riding the rails with the Colonel until they reach Millsville.
Afterward, however, Chuck discovers that the woman Stu was
supposed to ask out got married to another man. Afterward, she
seeks out Wendy and Fiona to apologize to them. Afterward, the
ever-anxious Courtney once again attempts to persuade Nikko, who
is less than impressed by the group's performance and style, to
join the show choir and help them win a national contest, even
offering him half the group's earnings from the contest in
exchange for his consent. Afterward, the newlyweds sneak out of
the White House. Afterward, the parson prepares to leave, but he
finds it is raining furiously. Afterward, they go to the house of
the man who Dodge promised could take Penny to England.
Afterward, though, Stephen and Phyllis admit to themselves that
they really love Kendal and Jose, respectively. Afterward,
though, one of mr Thornby's senior employees convinces him that,
if the staff liked the book so much, there must be a market for
it, so Thornby decides to publish it as "The Boob's Diary".
Afterwards Boris is revealed to be the only one who is able to
communicate with the audience, and explains directly to them that
one has to find all the enjoyment he can, to find "whatever
works". Afterwards Brick tells Masha's father Vlatko about the
condom and Bryan's supposed attempt to have sex with Masha,
Vlatko becomes enraged and prepares to fly to the island.
Afterwards George is in the art classroom looking at his art
project. Afterwards she knocks again and picks up the hidden keys
outside, but before she can unlock the door Craig opens the door
again, she tells him she has fallen in love with him, he lets her
in. Afterwards they go to a cafe to eat and they meet Yoni
(Shalev Gelber) who is trying to buy drugs. Afterwards, Brooke
quits her job in order to spend time traveling Europe.
Afterwards, Clara overhears Akpors conversing on phone implying
that his relationship with Clara will facilitate his green card
and American citizenship. Afterwards, Debbie drops Desi off at
her house and confronts her about the missing money. Afterwards,
Gaby and Tony confess their love for each other. Afterwards,
Jamal is called in for a hearing with the UBA's commission board.
Afterwards, Jerry is seen around town with heiress Barbara Vance
(Molly Lamont). Afterwards, Lance stumbles across Harper's iPad
and journal in Mia's purse, and a mock book cover for his
unauthorized biography on the tablet. Afterwards, Leslie
discovers that she is pregnant with twins, and decides she wants
to keep them. Afterwards, Megan discovers a closet full of
women's clothes, and pictures of Alec with a girl. Afterwards,
Mickey manages to make Minnie laugh and the two mice fall in love
and spend time alone with each other. Afterwards, Oberon,
Titania, Puck, and other fairies enter, and bless the house and
its occupants with good fortune. Afterwards, Paddy joins Billy at
their pool cabana and admits he needs to move on from Sophie’s
passing while also showing concern for Billy about marrying a
younger woman. Afterwards, Patricia refuses to be separated from
Joe. Afterwards, Tom calls Julie about the coffee date and tries
to hide that he lives with his mother. Afterwards, Tony
approaches Amelia in the garden, apologizes for his suspicions,
and kisses her passionately. Afterwards, he stays at the party
and becomes acquainted with Lana's friends. Afterwards, she
forces Tom to admit he loves Avice, then - although her heart is
broken by his admission - she assures him she will insist the
ingenue be cast in her next play. Afterwards, she regrets all
that she did at Richard's house. Afterwards, the three happy
couples end up at a greasy spoon, dining on hamburgers.
Afterwards, the three men rush to the hotel, where they propose
to Alison all at the same time. Afterwards, the two share a kiss
with each other. Afterwards, they consummate the marriage over a
period of two hours and three minutes, transitioning into a
musical scene where the characters sing and dance to
"Aquarius/Let the Sunshine In". Afterwards, though, Matt is able
to talk sense into Susan, and she returns to Jerry. Afterwords,
the plot shifts to Adam who visits a tarot reader, named Erika
(Jennifer Tilly), for advice on his sexual prowess and
superstitions. Again leery, she agrees and meets him at his
apartment, and all is going well until the flirtatious Agatha
shows up at the apartment. Again with flashbacks, a series of
vignettes juxtaposes their earlier selves against the older,
perhaps wiser couple in the hotel room. Again, they come very
close to having sex but this time Halley stops it and Macon is
upset. Again, we see the never-smiling Frank who is now annoyed
by the insistence of this young and loquacious girl. Against
Megan's advice to not run away from the situation, Grace goes to
Europe alone. Against advice, Oliver opens the $5 million bottle
and freely shares the excellent wine. Against all odds Lucky
Fritz is hit by a lightning strike for a third time. Against all
odds, Andy hears on radio that Daphne is to attend a function at
a restaurant. Against all odds, the group's sound starts to come
together and their prospects for success look bright. Against his
better judgment, he flies with her out of town for one day on an
errand, where he is beaten by her boyfriend. Against the advice
of his best friend Ted (Michael Weston), Anderson (Jason Biggs)
publicly proposes to his girlfriend Vanessa (Audra Blaser), while
dressed in a cupid costume. Agatha becomes embroiled in a
university matter over progressive teaching methods with dr Pitt
(Morgan Farley), board trustee Claude Griswold (Howard st John)
and his wife Ellen Griswold (Lurene Tuttle). Agent Cody Banks
(Frankie Muniz) attends summer camp, actually a secret facility
for training CIA teenage agents. Agent Lloyd shows up 6 months
later and accuses Burdett of planning to steal the third Napoleon
diamond, which is on a cruise ship that will be docking for a
week on the island. Agent Rivera tells him she intends to use him
and the girls in order to detain Victor and Rodrigo. Aggie Bruno
(Cora Witherspoon) has had enough of her husband, Joe (Joseph
Cawthorn), and decides to get a divorce in Reno. Aghast at
Beulah's primitive ways, she forces Osh's daughter Lally Joy
(Wendy Turner) to help her bathe in the kitchen rather than lug
kettles of hot water up the stairs. Aging New York cabbie James
Flanagan (Philip Bosco) still hopes to succeed in becoming a
stage actor. Agnes Nitt is chosen as a member of the chorus,
where she meets Christine, a more popular but less talented girl.
Agnes also accepts the offer of a date with a French baker named
Pierre. Agnes seeks a divorce to avoid looking like a fool. Agnes
unmasks Walter Plinge, the janitor, as the ghost, though as he is
seemingly harmless, the others are unconvinced. Agnes visits
Robert while the party is in progress, and when her brother
discovers her absence he goes to hunt her up. Agnes' dream is
realized when Marion secretly buys two tickets and gives them to
her. Agnes's sister is jealous of her husband, a Duke, and to
test their love the Duke holds a party in Robert's room. Agnes,
feeling betrayed, breaks off the engagement, despite Lincoln's
attempts to explain the situation. Agnès asks if she can borrow
her car and if she can use the chalet, Cécile angrily accepts.
Agreeing their love will help their marriage survive its
problems, the two reconcile and settle into domestic bliss.
Agreeing to spend New Year's Eve with her family, Steve stands up
Denny because he's at the hospital, where Coach Hadley's wife has
taken a turn for the worse. Agreeing to tell her, Viktor reveals
the contents of the peanut can he was carrying, explaining that
his late father, a jazz enthusiast, had discovered the famous
portrait, "A Great Day in Harlem", in a Hungarian newspaper in
1958, where after spending a week looking at it, he vowed he
would collect the signatures of all 57 of the jazz musicians
featured on it. Aidan remarks on the ways Carrie is "not like
other women". Aided by Adam, the brothers kidnap the six girls,
then cause an avalanche in Echo Pass so that they cannot be
followed by the townspeople. Aided by his best friend and fellow
scientist, Otávio, João turns on the unfinished machine he has
developed that was supposed to ensure his wealth as well as a new
source of sustainable energy. Aimee attempts to comfort Sutter,
confessing her love for him, but Sutter, angry and drunk, snaps
at her and forces her to get out of the car, where she is hit by
an oncoming car. Aimee comes out with only a broken arm and
forgives Sutter for the incident, but the experiences with his
father has clearly damaged Sutter as his drinking worsens. Air
Force second lieutenant, and Jodie Tatum, a blond hillbilly.
Akeem Joffer, the heir to the throne of Zamunda (a fictional
African kingdom), lives a pampered lifestyle with every daily
task performed by servants. Akeem and Lisa are married, and they
ride happily in a carriage after the ceremony to the cheers of
Zamundans. Akeem and his best friend/personal aide, Semmi, flip a
coin to decide between going to either Los Angeles or New York
City, and end up going to New York City. Akeem concocts a plan to
travel to the United States to find an intelligent, independent-
minded woman he can both love and respect, and who will love
Akeem for who he is and not for his wealth and social status as a
prince. Akeem has become fed up with this and wishes to do more
for himself. Akeem offers to formally abdicate if she doesn't
want a life like this, but Lisa playfully declines and decides to
become royalty instead. Akeem soon falls in love with Lisa, who
possesses all the qualities that the prince is looking for in a
woman, as first seen by Akeem at a rally where she makes a strong
plea to renovate a playground. Akpors convinces him to go and
meet Kimberly at home and leave him with his gambling as
everything will be fine. Akpors decides to go with his cousin on
the trip. Akpors expresses his appreciation for her timely
intervention and falls in love with her. Akpors finally decides
to leave the house, almost revealing his annoyance to Wilson's
wife but for Richard's timely intervention. Akpors has already
engaged himself in a gambling session by the time Richards finds
him. Akpors is also amazed to hear some disaffected customers
complaining about the restaurant's service in Nigerian pidgin.
Akpors leaves the phone hanging and barely ends his coversation
in an attempt to flee erotic advances from a prison inmate.
Akpors leaves. Akpors makes a weird but humorous comment to
everyone's surprise. Akpors reluctantly donates his earnings to
charity. Akpors sometimes disturbs Richard and affects his
concentration in their residence. Akpors tries to convince Wilson
that his wife's "domination" is abnormal. Akpors unexpectedly
wins a 30-day prize trip to Atlanta, for a couple in the raffle
draw. Akpors, eager to displays his feelings tries to confront
Wilson but is restrained by Richard. Al McCord is hanging out at
his favourite restaurant when he meets an attractive young woman,
Ellie, who is looking for a ride from the city into the Mojave
Desert, where her mother Julie lives. Al and Sue are fascinated
when their friends, whose adult son recently moved away from
home, reveal that they hired an expert to arrange the matter. Al
and actor buddy Sal mount a rescue mission but are themselves
knocked out by Boyd. Al attempts to rebound from the
relationship, determined to forget Imogen, and he goes to
desperate measures to do so, including suicide by shampoo and
problems with his career. Al discovers romance with the free-
spirited Julie despite the nearby presence of her boyfriend Boyd,
who seems likely to go berserk at any moment. Al heads to a gas
station for repairs, following a near run-in with a highway
patrolman, when he is interrupted by an attempted robbery. Al-
Julhara rises and safely walks through the flames, fulling the
prophecy that he is the true spiritual leader. Alain and Claire
go to the police but see Manise and dr Colinet walking out of the
station together and conclude that they are together in the plot
with his wife. Alain and Claire go to ther place, with Manise on
their tail. Alain becomes very worried that this operation shall
take his life despite all assurances to the contrary. Alain
finally reveals the reason for his secrecy and she is more at
ease but not before she consults with Georges about the real
gravity of his situation, a conversation that is spied by Alain
through the window. Alain goes back home and tells Cécile that he
must go to Paris for a couple of days. Alain goes to see Georges
Colinet, his physician who tells him that he has tennis elbow and
must have an operation. Alain has interrogated Vincent and
although he does not get a confession, he ties Vincent to
Claire's bed. Alain sits at his desk and notices that things are
not exactly where he left them and asks Claire to retrieve his
newspaper, which he forgot at the bar. Alain then goes to
Claire's and forces a confession from her. Alan Poza (OC Ukeje)
is a rich, young music label executive who is extremely
narcissistic and boasts that he can get any lady he wants eating
out of his hands in approximately "3 seconds". Alan agrees with
his wife, and accompanies Elizabeth to save their marriage,
leaving Mimi behind crushed. Alan and Kokori inadvertently leave
behind a trail of 'angry' women who want to see them punished for
their sins. Alan becomes a 'reformed casanova', him and Ina are
still together and are looking forward to a fantastic future.
Alan continues to remain persistent in his pursuit and Pride
finally gives in after making Alan sit through a 'torturous'
evening 'daddy-sitting' her senile father and an extremely
embarrassing counselling forum for sex addiction. Alan has a
snazzy job in Scorpio Media, a top media company; and is
convinced that he will be promoted to 'Vice-President'. Alan is
advised that her appointment is due to a wealth of experience
within the industry and is made Pride's deputy. Alan is
interested in the thought of befriending a woman and they decide
on going out. Alan proceeds to charm Pride but she constantly
refutes his efforts having heard that his nickname is 'Corporate
Casanova' as well as of his 'vile' reputation with women, but
Alan remains persistent. Alan promises to change his attitude to
women completely after this ordeal. Alan returns to the lobby and
asks Basil if he knows whether any chemists are still open. Alan
starts to receive threatening messages and Pride remains
extremely upset with him. Alarmed at the prospect of losing
control of the fortune, Cedar joins forces with Deeds' only other
relative (and the man's grasping, domineering wife) in seeking to
have Deeds declared mentally incompetent. Alarmed by the
direction Johnny's life is taking, Brooke encourages him to
pursue his dreams and avoid selling out. Alarmed, Curtis races to
his apartment to retrieve an engraved diamond bracelet that
Martin had purchased for Sheila; unknown to him, Martin had had
the bracelet re-engraved for Sonya. Alarmed, she drinks too much
sherry to steady her nerves. Alas, she, too, rejects Harold,
which means George walks off with both Lala and Jane. Alas, when
the assignments are posted, Donna is shocked and disappointed to
discover that, instead of the top route, she has been assigned to
a commuter route in Cleveland. Alastair is unable to live with
the domineering Epifania, however, and leaves her for the more
domestic Polly Smith. Albert Stillwell, a student of Etruscan
history is a perfect gentlemen, while Roberto Orlandi (Rossano
Brazzi) is the perfect mature Roman lover. Albert ensures that
Lucy gets custody of Casey, while he lives in a Hollywood mansion
with Blake. Albert seems to be doing better now getting modest
but regular work directing TV commercials and sitcoms and is
being considered to direct a B movie and Lucy has returned to her
more down to earth personality. Albert's jockey is thrown, so
Jeff reluctantly leaps into the saddle. Alby Sherman is a Jewish
man whose father died when he was young. Aldys, who loathes Guy
and his gang, invites Josie to join The Denominators, a group of
intelligent students. Alec arrives to the prison with flowers and
balloons. Alec tells her how he merely was attempting to bring it
to her at the soldier's request. Alec tries to cover for her,
claiming he and Susan are actually married, but a college
colleague does likewise, complicating Susan's situation further.
Alec wanted to have something to rub in her face when she broke
up with him, and so he had joined the dating website. Alejandro's
mother arrives with his biological 20-year-old sister, Nuria.
Alejandro's mother realizes she has been lied to about his family
and he runs after her as she starts to leave. Alek is captured by
Pochenko, but Joy secretly helps Katrina sneak to his cell to see
him. Alessa Woo (Sook-Yin Lee), an art gallery employee in
Toronto, has built an image as a rich heiress, but is in dire
financial straits. Alex (Doolan) is a chef and a maid of honor at
April's wedding. Alex Belli (Bova) is a 37-year-old advertising
executive whose fiancée Elena has just left him, and who is
having difficulty at work trying to think of a good advertising
campaign for a new Japanese product. Alex Fletcher (Hugh Grant)
is a washed-up former pop star who is attempting to revive his
dwindling career by hitching his name to the rising star of Cora
Corman (Haley Bennett), a young megastar who has asked him to
write a song titled "Way Back Into Love". Alex and Grace renew
their friendship and Grace comes out as a lesbian to her. Alex
and her League friends, including her friend Sloan, tour Hope
House. Alex cajoles her into helping him by using a few quickly-
chosen phrases she has given him as the basis for a song. Alex
develops some curiosity about her possible lesbianism and rents a
number of classic lesbian-themed films: Desert Hearts; Lianna;
Personal Best; Heavenly Creatures; Bar Girls; Claire of the Moon;
The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love; an unnamed,
presumably pornographic video; and, inexplicably, The Godfather
Part III. Alex fires him, telling Tom that he is the better chef
and should open his own franchise. Alex is a married Junior
Leaguer with a penchant for interesting shoes. Alex is
embarrassed by Nick, and resents his being protective when he
meets her boyfriend. Alex runs into her best friend Spencer,
whose lover Bruce is a resident, and Grace, a friend from high
school who had recently moved back to Azalea Springs to work at
Hope House as a nurse. Alex, Antoine, Jeff and Manu have been
friends for most of their lives and have achieved their
professional goals, therefore all seems to be going well. Alex,
Cody's younger brother tries to eat a few of his explosive
Mentos, but Cody tosses them into the pond where they explode
harmlessly. Alex, who's resigned from the League, goes to work
full-time at the hospice over her husband Robert's objections.
Alexander Brown wagers the full amount against him, but loses.
Alexander offers Ryan a contract with the Phillies minor league
team, which he happily accepts. Alexander wants to have the
marriage annulled because he knows that Westley is really only
interested in her money. Alexandra is the daughter of a rich man
who is funding Zach's latest documentary; she is also the reason
why Georgina was unable to speak to Zach before he left for a
trip. Alexandra moves in as a third roommate and helps out with
Victor's street photography Victoria attempts to help her by
getting her hooked up with a rich Park Avenue swell, but
Alexandra accidentally meets his handsome son, Paul Bryson Jr.
Alexei soon shows that he has a temper. Alexis is called away by
a waiter to answer a telephone call. Alexis is in love with
Laura, so he tries to discourage her love for him, without
revealing the sordid details, without much luck. Alexis is
returning home with his mother and sees Ozzy. Alfie (Anthony
Hopkins) and Helena (Gemma Jones) divorce. Alfie catches Abby
before her flight takes off, and they decide to marry the
following day. Alfie gets into a fight with Charmaine over her
high expenses. Alfie later catches up with the woman from the
race and learns her name is Abby and that she is a sophisticated
magazine editor. Alfie marries a prostitute, Charmaine (Lucy
Punch). Alfie soon finds comfort by flirting with the married
waitress Louise (Rula Lenska), who takes him to her apartment.
Alfie wants a DNA test to find out whether he is the father,
while Charmaine argues that it does not matter. Alfred Doolittle
is informed that his daughter has been taken in by Professor
Higgins, and considers that he might be able to make a little
money from the situation ("With a Little Bit of Luck" [Reprise]).
Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) is the top salesman at a
leathergoods shop in Budapest owned by the high-strung mr Hugo
Matuschek (Frank Morgan). Alfred considers resigning rather than
ruin his reputation in the scientific community, but is convinced
by his wife that they need his income and pension. Alfred
dismisses the project as "fundamentally unfeasible" because Yemen
cannot provide the necessary environment for salmon. Alfred meets
with Harriet to discuss the project, but despite Harriet
correcting his misconceptions of the Yemen environment, Alfred is
convinced that the project is foolhardy. Alfred resigns his
government job to continue with the project. Alfred tells Harriet
he will stay and help them rebuild. Alfred's boss, pressured by
Patricia, forces Alfred to accept a position on the project. Ali
sees her car in the parking lot, however, and comes bursting in,
eventually attracting Evelyn, Rebecca, Vicky, Lena, Frank, and
Evie’s three friends, who were driving past reading aloud from
Rita Mae Brown’s Rubyfruit Jungle (apparently still processing
Evie’s news). Alice (Dakota Johnson) temporarily dumps her
college boyfriend Josh (Nicholas Braun) and moves to New York
City to be a paralegal. Alice accompanies him to the hospital to
tell Shawn that their encounter did happen. Alice and Meg rush to
the hospital, where Meg successfully delivers a baby girl, naming
her Natalie. Alice and Robin attend Josh's winter holiday party,
however Alice finds she cannot watch Josh with his new
girlfriend. Alice befriends wild co-worker Robin (Rebel Wilson),
who enjoys partying and one-night stands, and local bartender Tom
(Anders Holm), who willfully embraces the bachelor lifestyle and
hooks up with various women including Alice. Alice finally
psyches herself up to having sex with Donald at his house. Alice
goes to a health spa where she meets and has a sexual encounter
with a younger man, named Shawn (Ben Levin), in the steam room.
Alice is growing tired of Donald because he is needy. Alice meets
with Josh to tell him she is finished with their break and ready
to get back together. Alice misses how comfortable and happy she
used to be. Alice takes the lead by making out with a friend's
contractor, Donald. Alice tells Julien that she is considering
giving up her call-girl profession to open her own art gallery
and cannot see him anymore. Alice's father (Ian Wolfe), a
preacher, hears baby Hannah cry in the distance, and worries that
the baby might belong to one of the kidnapped girls. Alice's
father, the Reverend Alcott, asks the women whose baby he had
heard. Alice, a habitual perfectionist, is four years late with
her thesis on 'Doris Day as Feminist Warrior'. Alicia and her
fiancé hitch a ride with George and Gerard, thinking their sudden
appearance a coincidence. Alicia finally draws out of Drew the
truth about his family. Alicia tells Mike that Stacey should have
a condom in his room. Alicia's fiancé Nathan practices t'ai chi
in the rain and argues with Gerard about whether the French
language is obsolete. Alicia's fiancé ends up in bed the whole
time after Alicia's uncle, a deaf-mute, offers him a spicy dish
his stomach can't handle. Alienated from her roots and
emotionally unavailable to love-interest, Benny Christophe
(Alastair Mackenzie), a life as a baker is unacceptable to
Desiree. Alim has an imaginary friend (or maybe a guardian angel
or ghost friend, depending on how literally or symbolically one
takes the film) who is supposedly Cary Grant, who gives Alim
advice when Alim is in trouble. Alim is a young gay man. Alison
Kirbe is a young London girl who has just found out she has
inherited a Texas ranch from an old soldier she had befriended
during World War II. Alison Scott (Katherine Heigl) is a career-
minded woman who has just been given an on-air role with E.
Alison and Walter see each other at the party, but jealousy leads
to a confrontation between the two. Alison bursts out in tears,
angry at Matthew for turning an honest and good-hearted
inheritance into a supposed scheme. Alison enthusiastically
accepts Matthew's proposal and the other men soon move on,
hitting on other women only moments later. Alison is about to
leave LA to join her beau in Tokyo. Alison is increasingly
worried about Ben's lack of responsibility and commitment, and
has doubts about the longevity of their relationship. Alison
realizes what actually happened that night, and they kiss. Alison
thinks it's too early to think about marriage, because she is
more concerned with hiding the pregnancy from her bosses,
believing that they will fire her if they ever found out. Alison
wakes up only to find that it has started snowing in LA and
flights are delayed. Alison's boss finds out about her pregnancy,
and sees an opportunity to boost ratings with female viewers by
having Alison interview pregnant celebrities. Alison's mother
(Joanna Kerns) tries to persuade her daughter to have an
abortion, but Alison decides to keep the child. All 27 brides who
Jane helped, as well as Tess and Casey (Judy Greer, her best
friend), are her bridesmaids, wearing the dresses she once wore
as their bridesmaid. All Over the Guy is about Eli (Dan
Bucatinsky) and Tom (Richard Ruccolo). All are celebrating
Christmas Eve together, forgetting to hide as usual from the
patrolmen who check the house every night, but the patrolmen
agree to let the families stay until after the New Year. All are
connected by Jimmy (Adrian Lester), a cab driver, and a place,
'El Corazon'. All are embarrassed, but they make small talk, and
he shows Ellie to her room. All are occupied, mainly by the
escaped women. All comes out well - just. All day long, he sees
patients who express grievances, particularly rebellious
teenagers who despise their parents. All ends happily when the
show opens in New York with Nancy in the starring role. All ends
well, of course. All four are taken to the Omaha police station.
All four couples learn that they have problems, even Ronnie and
Dave, who thought they were fine. All four couples return to Eden
West. All girls blame Ishika for cheating and take their anger
out on her. All goes as Wingate had anticipated; the audience
laughs wildly, as the confused actors continue performing. All
goes terribly wrong, with Janice instead suing Mickey for divorce
and Sutton's company for $100,000. All have their narratives
modified significantly. All her life, Isabella has suffered from
motion sickness. All is complete when the Marchioness herself
accepts the proposal of a longtime admirer, Major Harry Roxbury
(Morton Selten). All is going well at the prom until Bianca
learns that Joey planned to have sex with her that night. All is
resolved before he can arrive, leading Colonna to point out:. All
is well and everyone happily dances to the music. All is well
until millionaire Harvey Huntington Honeywagon III (Wynn) comes
around, convinced that the beachgoers are so senselessly obsessed
with sex that their mentality is below that of a primate –
especially Honeywagon's wunderkind pet chimp Clyde, who can surf,
drive, and watusi better than anyone on the beach. All memory of
him is erased, and later that Christmas Eve at midnight, Henry
delivers the sermon that he believes he has written. All of
Charles's friends and associates have turned their backs on him.
All of Martha's attempts to expose Whitman as the sociopath that
he is to her friends and family is met with disbelief and
skeptisim from everyone due to his skill of lying and
manipulation. All of Priya's family is happy for the relationship
to have ended, except for her 80-year-old Aunt who advises her
that life is too short to live to make only others happy. All of
her friends tell her she is being foolish, that nobody can resist
that much temptation, but she stubbornly persists. All of his
companions are killed, but he survives. All of his shared joys
with Breezy, such as their adopted stray dog and “us against the
world” mentality, don’t stop them from parting ways. All of the
brothers have red hair and all but Gideon are well over six feet
tall. All of the characters are transformed by the episode:
Louis' mob is disrupted, Gigli has dropped his hyper-masculine
façade, Ricki has a heterosexual fling with Gigli, and Brian
gradually emerges from his shell, noticing other people and
conversing. All of the couples want to use a birth control pill
called "Thenol", but none of them wants to admit it. All of the
dead go "upstairs" to the Land of the Living to perform the
wedding ceremony for Victor and Emily. All of the lies are
revealed, and Dashiell punches Lester. All of their efforts are
ultimately unsuccessful, with the result that all five of the
women give birth the following year. All of them are dressed as
6-foot-tall birds, although such creatures are not naturally
found on Spengo, and the only weapons they have to fight the
Emperor and the Destroyers are rocks, their "intelligence" and a
number of stolen weapons, including Light Grenades, which
completely disintegrate anyone who picks one up. All parties end
up having a wild time at "The Boiler" where Pert catches the eye
of Peabody Jr. All searches are fruitless, and Prince Charming is
close to giving up hope when he learns of the Evil Queen's magic
mirror. All seems lost until Trudy gives birth to sextuplets. All
seems to be well and Ty convinces Elle to audition for Berklee
again. All she asks for in return is a play date for their
children. All she can do is listen with envy to what her African-
American maid Vera (Theresa Harris) does in Harlem after work.
All sorts of suspects present themselves: Nick Martel (Robert
Armstrong), a bookie who owed North $100,000 for a winning bet;
Leroy Hutchins (Ralph Morgan), the owner of the winning horse;
John Summers (Grant Mitchell), the favorite's owner; mrs Summers,
who is seeing Martel behind her husband's back; and Summer's
lawyer, Henry Strand (an uncredited Frank Reicher). All that is
left is to do what the note says. All the characters have ideas
about what should be in the contract, based on their own
experience. All the couples in the house have sex that night,
while Lance gives Mia a back-rub and Q sends risque photographs
of himself to Shelby. All the couples pair off happily at the
seniors' graduation as the graduating class sings ("We'll Be
Together"). All the employees think they are stuck-up and don't
believe that they can do their job. All the friends arrive at the
house, the first time they've come together in 14 years, and the
celebration begins. All the guys are completely drawn to her and
when the dance music starts Eddie automatically grabs Gidget's
hand. All the inmates greet her warmly and familiarly as she
walks down the cellblock. All the ladies and gentlemen at the
ball admire her, and the Queen of Transylvania invites her to
dance with her son, the prince ("Embassy Waltz"). All the
personality conflicts come to a head, and everyone begins the
process of healing. All the while Payne does not realize that
Miss Dillwood is independently wealthy, and the married man she
was to sleep with was the man she had just exchanged vows with
that afternoon. All the while she's stalking the olderD, Tom, who
is actually very wealthy, keeps after her. All the while, Gary
(AD. All the while, Guy and Faye grow closer as friends. All the
while, Jean is secretly followed by a private detective. All the
while, Sam has been watching these events from afar, hoping to
see his brother arrested. All the while, he grows closer to Mary
Tate and Joe Santo - who initially appear to be a couple. All the
while, he tries to maintain a stormy relationship with Sarah, his
girlfriend. All their hiding was for nothing because as the
curtain rises, they are seen kissing by everyone. All they have
to do is keep Chisholm and his mandolin, which he wants to play
in the concert, away from Shaw until after the show; the solution
is sleeping pills to knock Chisolm, and incidentally Hank, out.
All they know is that he's a cowboy, and while Ellen is attracted
to him, Grace dismisses him. All this characteristics make Uma
choose him as the donor. All three are jailed, but Wally and Vida
are bailed out by Wally's friend and carnival partner, Rex (Jim
Varney). All three become romantically involved with one another.
All three feature the same common thread: the Girl is from the
future. All three of them overhear Miriam yelling at Buzzy for
having Teddy stay overnight. All through the time the Girl and
Gyeon-woo were seeing each other she had been seeing her dead
boyfriend's mother, who wants to introduce her to a nice young
man. All turns out well, with Dupree becoming a motivational
speaker, Carl and Molly spending more time with each other, and
mr Thompson accepting Carl as family. Allegra and Philip begin
seeing each other, and Philip leaves Grace for good. Allegra goes
back and forth on dates with Philip and Grace. Allegra goes on a
date with Philip, but she leaves after thoughts in her mind tell
her it is wrong to be with a guy. Allegra meets a man named
Philip (Justin Kirk) at a party, with whom she feels a
connection. Allegra sees Grace outside of a movie theater and
Grace cries about her boyfriend leaving her. Allen agrees to set
him up on a duet with Kandi Kane, a British pop star with "a
million hits online" and Ty agrees to think about in search of
something new and willing to take any risk it takes. Allen also
tells Elle that he admired her parents very much and the song
that she accidentally over-recorded was "beautiful". Allen had
intended to propose to her, but he secretly puts away his
engagement ring after she confesses she has fallen in love
despite herself. Allen offers Elle a job as an intern and even
though this means supporting Spunn's biggest act: a bubblegum pop
trio called Sensation, led by the horrendous Stephanie (Katherine
Bailess). Allgood Butts is a young promiscuous male hairdresser
whose goal in life is to sleep with as many women as possible
(already in the first scenes we are told he has slept with 389
women). Allgood's struggle with his temptation becomes even more
difficult when two attractive women enter his life. Allison's
jealous square boyfriend, Baldwin, then starts a riot. Ally
attends her sister's wedding with him while Colin and his band
perform at a different wedding. Ally quickly realizes that her
true feelings lie with Colin and that she and Jake are
incompatible, breaking it off with him. Ally rejoices in the fact
that Colin is indeed the 20th and last man she ever slept with.
Ally then has to run to numerous weddings before she finally
finds Colin and confesses her feelings. Ally then runs into
"Disgusting Donald" (Chris Pratt), her once overweight ex-
boyfriend who's now successful and good-looking, and his fiancee.
Almost instantly, Tony and Thayer rush to Andie's side and beg
her to keep quiet, when they do not realize she is still
blissfully unaware. Almost simultaneously, Lana—who is unaware of
Ben's role in Andie's "How To" article—reveals Andie's true
intentions to Ben. Alone on her yacht one evening Ardita heard
some jazz melodies floating over the waves. Alone on the coast
Joe saw a German U-boat, but he decided not to tell anyone
because they wouldn't believe him. Alone with Estelle later,
Augie presses the money on her, then demands an explanation.
Alone with Michael, Julie confesses that she was trying to break
up his engagement on purpose that night because she didn't think
he should be married simply because he comes from a prominent
family. Alone with a sleeping Bucky in his room, Charlotte and
Emma argue about their broken relationship as sisters. Alone,
Ernesto and Tonya almost have sex in a boat in the grass, but
Brick soon shows up and knocks them out, revealing that Brick is
in on the kidnapping. Alone, Max sobs in regret. Alone, he drinks
his prized wine, a 1961 Château Cheval Blanc, from a disposable
coffee cup at a fast-food restaurant and falls into an even
deeper depression. Along the journey, Jake reviews his
relationships with girlfriend Joanne (Mary-Louise Parker), best
friend Chris (Ralph Macchio), his mother Shirley (Jill
Clayburgh), and his mostly absentee father Roman (Paul
Guilfoyle). Along the way he becomes romantically involved with a
young black activist named Nina, who tags along with him on his
campaign stops. Along the way she meets Rick Morehouse (Clayton
Rohner), a gold-hearted nerd who becomes her pet project. Along
the way she meets Travis (who calls himself Danny), who is also
running away from his problems. Along the way there are humorous
subplots involving the office manager's violent ex-husband,
Becker's attempt to find the 'Australian sound', and an odd
waiter who is under the mistaken belief that Becker is a secret
agent. Along the way, Caitlin's tightly-wound mother, Olivia,
works hard to keep Abigail and Parker at bay as Parker falls for
the town detective Henry Kent. Along the way, Deb eagerly rams
several zombies; Ryan objects, saying they may be treatable.
Along the way, Dodge and Penny run out of gas, share a bizarre
experience with suicidal motorist Glenn (William Petersen),
witness the eruption of an orgy at a restaurant, have sex in a
pick-up truck, and spend a night in jail. Along the way, Hoops
must find a way to write his cartoon love story. Along the way,
Perry shows R more of his memories, saying that he doesn’t want
to leave yet. Along the way, and even in the store, Edy appears
to be quite popular with the ladies. Along the way, he
accidentally starts an avalanche, which drives away the mob.
Along with Babe's betrayal, this finally breaks Deeds' spirit and
he sinks into a deep depression. Along with Donna Mantin (Ginger
Rogers), who has romantic designs on him, "Dal" attends a hit
stage show called "Midnight" that stars a masked actress, Mary
Smith, who vanishes in mid-performance when Winthrop recognizes
her and blurts out the name Alice. Along with Lucas and Julia,
she goes through a portal to the magical world of fairy tales.
Along with everything else she has missed out on, she wants a
sweetheart. Along with her equally larcenous father, "Colonel"
Harrington (Charles Coburn) and his partner Gerald (Melville
Cooper), she is out to fleece rich, naive Charles Pike (Henry
Fonda), the heir to the Pike Ale fortune ("The Ale That Won for
Yale"). Along with the Coast Guard, they pursue the vessel, and
watch as it is abandoned after encountering an enormous surf
wave. Along with the castle goes its ghost. Aloysius McKeever
(Victor Moore), a New York City hobo, makes his home in a
boarded-up Fifth Avenue mansion, entering and exiting through a
secluded utility manhole, while its owner, multi-millionaire
("the second richest man in the world") Michael O'Connor (Charles
Ruggles), winters in the South. Already a beloved figure among
the staff at the station who look after him, and suffering
attempts to move him to an orphanage, he finds great popularity
after it is revealed that he has an amazing talent for picking
winning horses at the racetrack. Already in a foul mood, Rosie is
forced to berate Izzie when, during a chance encounter with her
friend, Henry Winkler, he reveals that Izzie and her friend had
prank-called a number of celebrities in her phone book. Also
accompanying them are Vera, Peter's long-serving housekeeper
(Law), and her son Paul (Lowe). Also angered is Rob, who as a
phony student received a second chance at baseball. Also
appearing in the film were Bert Lahr, Tommy Dorsey, Buddy Rich,
and Virginia O'Brien. Also appearing is Sabrina's aunt Geneva
(Valarie Pettiford). Also at the wedding, Dan makes a new
connection with Chloe. Also at the wedding, Josh reconnects with
a former flame, Giselle Brousard. Also in 2014, Rae Magdon
published an unusual retelling of the story in a novel titled The
Second Sister, in which the protagonist, Ellie, is somewhat
forced into stopping one of her step-sisters from enchanting the
Prince and take over the entire Kingdom. Also in attendance are
Dan's sister and brother with their families and Dan's younger
brother Mitch. Also making an appearance is patriarch Arthur
Royd's friend Adrian Barrasford. Also on board are elegant blonde
diplomat Ann McCall (Martha Hyer), whom Bob would like to get to
know better, and stunning Zara Brown (Anita Ekberg), the agent
for a French criminal organization which suspects that Bob is
carrying an incriminating manuscript. Also on the guest list is
womanizing doctor Maxwell (Roberts) and his latest girlfriend,
free-thinking nurse, Dulcy (Hagerty). Also present are the butler
Pfister and wife Rachel, the maid; Larry's old girlfriend Sylvia,
who is now dating Charles; and Susan's magician husband, Montego
the Magnificent. Also starring in the film are Robert Montgomery,
Conrad Nagel, and Florence Eldridge. Also toward the end of
Act&nbsp;I, Mabel and Lord Goring come upon a diamond brooch that
Lord Goring gave someone many years ago. Also visiting is an ex-
girlfriend of Lord Rhyall's, the American heiress Hattie Durant
(Jean Simmons). Also, Austin's father comes to accept his son's
desire to attend Princeton. Also, Hugo may be falling in love
with Floyd Gaylen (Patrick Dempsey), a customer of hers who has
ALS. Also, Josh's friend, Ari, dances with Amy, and Josh's other
friend, Steven, dances with Caitlin. Also, Tiffani lives next
door to Gwen and Marc so seeing Caleb date Marc would make her
crazy. Also, during a meeting with a director for a possible
leading lady movie role, she discovers that she is only to play
the lead female's mother; she later learns the lead female is
Bill's current girlfriend. Also, feeling her friends ignored her
all year, she pushes Tibby away, but reconciles with her after
her mother Christina (Rachel Ticotin) goes into labor. Also, he
is still irresistibly attracted to her, despite her being "so
beautifully wicked". Also, his estranged 15-year-old daughter
Alex is spending two weeks with him while his ex-wife Gigi goes
on her honeymoon with her new husband Ted. Also, it is his
distraction of staff at the airport which allows Sam to sneak
through to see Joanna. Also, she receives earrings from him as a
gift (she gets her ears pierced while inA, even though Nick is
against the "barbaric custom"). Also, someone picked her up from
the side of the road where he'd left her body. Although Akeem
thrives on hard work and learning how commoners live, Semmi is
not comfortable with living the life of a poor man. Although
Barbara loves Pierre as well, her suitor, Ronnie (Frank Lyon) and
her father see him as a fortune-hunter. Although Daniel did not
intend to embarrass Carla, she nonetheless refuses to see him.
Although David is falling for Polly, he does not relish the idea
of a "ready-made family". Although Don knows he has to break off
his relationship with her, Lyda meets Prudence in Don's room back
at the boarding house and Lyda invites Prudence and Albert to
dinner at her studio. Although Ellie has no desire to be with
Westley, she believes Peter has betrayed her for the reward
money, and agrees to have a second, formal wedding to Westley.
Although Eve is also attracted to Mickey, she refuses to commit
to any one man, confessing to radio talk show host dr Nancy Love
that she ruined too many marriages to have one of her own.
Although Gail seems willing to put the past behind her, she still
feels the need to "outdo" Ramona during their interactions
together. Although Harry warns him that women are mysterious
creatures and that things may change, Calvin insists that since
he wrote her into existence, he knows her. Although Henry would
rather spend that year making Lucy fall in love with him everyday
rather than go on the sailing trip, Lucy is convinced she is a
burden on him and is preventing Henry from really living his
life. Although Homer wins on Steve's horse, the scientists
haven't won enough money to get Homer reinstated at the
institute. Although Isabel kind of wants to, she can't since she
is already noticed by the media and inspiring to women all over
the world. Although Johnny lives with his mother, grandfather,
younger brother and sister, he is offered everything and anything
by every interested college except for the local state college,
which is where he ends up going when he uses his moral compass to
make the decision. Although Jonah goes home with her, he ends up
not sleeping with her. Although Juli stays up in the branches for
hours and misses school to protest its excision, she is brought
down and isn't the same for weeks. Although Kelp knows that his
alternate persona is a bad person, he cannot prevent himself from
continually taking the formula as he enjoys the attention that
Love receives. Although Kevin comes onto her immediately, Rebecca
recognizes Kevin's playboy ways and rebuffs him, however, the two
become good friends. Although Les thanks his father, he has
changed his mind about getting a BMW, saying he does not need it
anymore. Although Lina claims to be bad at relationships and
prefers just "screwing", the three actually seem to be falling in
love all around. Although Lincoln assures Agnes several times he
has no feelings for his ex-wife, she remains suspicious of his
connection with Ina. Although Lincoln does not reply to her, he
seems to have softened up. Although Lucy "had alienated Windy
Corner, perhaps for ever," the story ends with the promise of
lifelong love for both her and George. Although Lucy is initially
mortified at the thought of facing both George and Cecil (who is
also visiting Windy Corner that Sunday), she resolves to be
gracious. Although Lucy is upset over understanding about her
accident and memory loss, Henry believes that she is more upset
realizing her life is a lie every day. Although Melodie is not as
pretty or outgoing as Andy's other girl friends, he agrees to
help by asking her to a dance. Although Milady stole two of the
diamond studs, the Duke of Buckingham provides replacements while
delaying the thief's return to Paris. Although Miri has realized
that she has developed feelings for Zack, she tells Stacey it's
okay to ask him. Although Muggsy tries to convince him "she's the
same dame", Pike reasons that Jean would never come close to his
home without at least disguising herself, so he concludes the
resemblance is only a coincidence. Although Otto Oberkugen (S.
Although Peggy has decided to break up with Charlie (and her eyes
have been on Michael Fitzsimmons given this new chance), she's
the only one who wants that. Although Robin still harbors
feelings for Jay, it is obvious that he does not reciprocate
these feelings. Although Shelley had just been invited back to
the Playboy mansion (after Hefner had learned of the forged
dismissal) and decided to stay with the Zetas, the unexpected
attack from them makes her reconsider, and she calls back to
accept the invitation. Although Stanley is certain that it
concerns Buckley's business, the newlyweds reveal that Kay is
expecting a baby. Although Steve pleads his innocence, Caroline
storms off in a rage and returns to her teaching post at Victoria
College in New Jersey. Although Steve succeeds in hiding George
and himself and fooling Dean Clinton and the Allenwoods, Maria
soon makes her presence known to Caroline, who once again leaves
in a fury. Although Timmy is saddened deeply by the departure of
Cosmo, Wanda, and Poof, he is happy to be free to finally pursue
more mature behaviors, as he had longed to do. Although Vronsky
and Anna go to Italy, where they can be together, they have
trouble making friends. Although Wilbur offers to marry Emma and
adopt the children, Bobby and Suzi cling sobbing to Pete.
Although a little taken aback by her new more assertive
personality at first, he nonetheless respects her decision and
gives her his blessing to move back to Sydney. Although agreeing
they are over each other, Stifler's mom mentions having a double
suite and invites Finch to join her. Although annoyed with
Kralik's stubbornness, Matuschek is reluctant to ignore his
judgment. Although ashamed to let his parents know of his
difficulties, they hear of his circumstances from Betsy, and his
father goes to bring him home. Although banished from the
kingdom, Rothbart vows to get his revenge. Although bitter over
the break-up, Zack consoles himself by claiming that Taylor is
replaceable by any girl from the school. Although clashing with
William and the grandparents, especially Jack's mother, Margaret
(Judi Dench), Jack and Amy gradually grow closer—but Jack's boss
has also taken an interest in him. Although exhausted by Isolde's
resolve, Augie worries about having a child while they are living
off Isolde's family money as he struggles to make a success as a
serious cartoonist. Although extremely hesitant at first, Rachel
eventually decides to attend. Although handsome and blonde, the
professor is an intellectual snob immersed in Elizabethan
literature, and consequently, is horrified when he is exposed as
the writer of a romance novel. Although he cannot enter her tram
at first, the entire event is being monitored by Foster and
Diamond, who convinces the judges that this last-minute display
of courage has earned Daniel the right to move on. Although he
feels great affection toward her, Mitch ultimately realizes that
Bill and Janet were meant for each other. Although he has all the
skills a coach would want in a quarterback, he is unsure where he
wants to go and is tempted by the offers because of all of the
praise and attention. Although he has lost the senses of smell
and taste since his wife's death, he still cooks elaborate,
multi-course meals for his family and friends. Although he
initially continues his charade, while looking out at the people
before him, he instead makes a passionate speech about how he
admires all the men and women here who were able to tell the
truth to their families about how they feel, ending the speech by
"coming out of the closet" as he admits that he's straight and in
love with Amy. Although he initially does not enjoy caring for
the dog, Melvin becomes emotionally attached to it. Although he
is an authority on children, Phillip actually despises them, so
Michelle decides to keep John Thomas a secret for the time being.
Although he is awestruck by high society, he overhears the girl's
admission that she is stringing him along just in time to avoid
marriage. Although he is furious at first, this development turns
out to be great for Sheldon because, with her out of his life, he
can finally relax. Although he is living with Matt (Ivan Sergei),
Bill still mourns the loss of his previous partner, Tom, who died
of AIDS some time ago. Although he is uninvolved with the
politics of the day, Tommy suddenly finds himself the center of a
free-speech debate on campus. Although he steers the conversation
to make her explain her actions, Terry merely dodges the subject,
never leaving the couch on which she sits. Although he struggles
initially, he eventually begins to dote on the child and names
her Sarah. Although he thinks the record is terrible, Mack
promotes the release in the hope it will become the Christmas
number one single. Although he writes a good comic scene for his
lead actor Ed Begley, Jr, Taylor still has the need to run off to
the track to play the horses, his only vice, but when his wife
discovers it and threatens him with divorce, Taylor agrees to go
to Amanda and try to get her into a rehab community in Malibu.
Although his assistant, Mary Bishop, wants him to stay, Henry
feels himself bound to visit and help his ailing grandfather.
Although his career as a rock music critic begins to decline, and
especially Bernardo, with his problems, does not know how to
publish a book on the secrets of the singer Jimi Hendrix.
Although his girlfriend, Donna, is sympathetic, she also tells
him he needs to "grow up", but Max fears that if he tried to be
less child-like, his advertising work could be adversely
affected. Although in modern versions the transformation is
invariably triggered by the princess kissing the frog, in the
original Grimm version of the story the frog's spell was broken
when the princess threw it against a wall in disgust. Although in
the courtroom they continue to fight the Jamisons’ high-profile
divorce case with the gusto they have always shown, at home they
settle into domestic life together. Although initially angry,
Walter accepts this. Although initially too insecure to approach
him, her friend Ruby talks her into it. Although insensitive at
first, Ben says he will be there to support Alison. Although it
is only a formality, Hudson wishes to consummate the
relationship, a wish she does not share. Although many variants
of Cinderella feature the wicked stepmother, the defining trait
of type 510A is a female persecutor: in Fair, Brown and Trembling
and Finette Cendron, the stepmother does not appear at all, and
it is the older sisters who confine her to the kitchen. Although
most people survive the resulting flash flood, the valley is left
in ruins. Although mute, Lenore is mischievous and childlike and
more than a little bit alluring – so much so that before long
Peabody has taught her to kiss. Although now in his senior year,
he is still persecuted by the aggressive rugby team, on whose
captain, Jonathon (Nathaniel David Becker), he has a crush.
Although outnumbered, the four men win the battle. Although
painfully shy, he enjoys working with Harriet and they begin to
make progress. Although reluctant at first, Mee decides to buy
the zoo when he sees Rosie happily playing with the peacocks.
Although reluctant at first, Sherman drinks two handfuls of the
water from Denise's hand then Cletus dunks Sherman's head under
the water to drink, and thus he is able to get his genetic makeup
back in proper order. Although reluctant at first, Victor finally
falls in love with Estrella. Although she acts as if it isn't
important, she is later shown looking at childhood pictures of
Steve and shedding a tear. Although she admits to loving him,
Rick angrily rejects her, prompting a desperate Terri to kiss him
in front of everyone. Although she attracts rich Ted Dayton Jr,
his father refuses to pay her off, insisting she back up her
claim that she has a written marriage proposal. Although she does
not advance to the next heat, she has regained her lost
confidence, but also attracted the notice of sponsors, one of
which includes an offer to join the Billabong women's surf team.
Although she does well in science, Paige struggles in an English
literature class. Although she doesn't make a place in the top 20
to be in the final, she is the first reserve having come 21st.
Although she finds him interesting, she declines his offer for a
one-night stand. Although she initially tries to reject him, she
eventually succumbs to his attentions. Although she is an heiress
and quite lovely, Venice Muir is very shy. Although she resents
Love, she finds herself strangely attracted to him. Although she
resists, Newton follows her example and begins telling an
outlandish romantic story of something they "did", which makes
Gwen decide to stay. Although she warns Adam that she is not very
comfortable with her own body and doesn't feel terribly connected
to it in bed, Rebecca discovers sex with Adam is better than any
experience she has had before. Although shocked and annoyed,
Isabelle allows the matchmaker to introduce her to Sam Posner
(Peter Riegert), who owns the pickle shop. Although skeptical of
his idealistic optimism, Deb agrees not to unnecessarily kill
them. Although still enamored with the Cool Rider, interactions
with Michael reveal that she has become romantically interested
in him as well. Although suspicious, Andy's courage fails, but
Kit kisses him for support and he mans up immediately. Although
the Pontipees did not start the fight, they are banished from the
town after demolishing the barn they were raising in the course
of the brawl. Although the couple are happy, they undergo a
bitter and stressful first three months of marriage. Although the
pair are attracted to each other, the night passes innocently
with Leslie in the bedroom and Logan in the sitting-room.
Although the two friends try to convince Jen to go back and meet
with him, she refuses, so they drive back to Santa Cruz. Although
their friends predict disaster, Jason and Julie adjust to their
new relationship with baby Joe far better than their friends had
imagined. Although their manners are awkward and they are deemed
socially unacceptable by the other guests, Lucy likes them and
continues to run into them in Florence. Although there is a brief
hiccup, as Grace puts forth a full-court offensive to win over
Gaylord, Gaylord and Sylvia end up realizing that they are in
love with each other. Although these jobs enable Vladimir to
eventually move into his own apartment, he begins to doubt he
will ever play saxophone professionally again. Although they are
both unaware of the connection they have through Elizabeth's
heart, Bob and Grace begin to date. Although they deeply love
each other, their frequent spats over the years have kept them
from tying the knot. Although they do not attack, one of them
shows R some old photos of Dead and Living fighting each other,
telling him that they need to maintain the status quo. Although
they do not find the Pants, the summer ends in Greece with a
renewal of their mutual commitment to each other. Although they
do not realize it at the time, Joel and Clementine are, in fact,
former lovers, now separated after having spent two years
together. Although they fail to win the competition, a YouTube
video of their performance gains the band popularity at school.
Although they show her photos of men with whom they want to set
her up, Sarah does not seem interested in pursuing any
relationships. Although this does not affect their relationship
in the beginning—Brett appreciates the advice and confidence he
gives her to stand up to her boss—she soon begins to resent his
patronizing attitude. Although this means that they could return
to the extravagant lifestyle they were accustomed to, they decide
to honor their father's memory by trying to turn it around
themselves. Although this threatens to expose the affair between
Elliot and Lee, Elliot soon disavows disclosing any such details.
Although troubled by the incident, David pretends to enjoy the
woman's suffering to gain the heartless woman's interest.
Although what Dill did to Mary was terrible, she still has a soft
spot for him. Although, feeling a soft spot forJ. Although,
halfway down,J. Alvy returns to dating, but the effort is marred
by neurosis, bad sex, and finally an interruption from Annie, who
insists he come over immediately. Alvy's voice returns with a
summation: love is essential, especially if it is neurotic.
Always hovering in the background and offering counsel is the
spirit of her mentor, Jimmie Langton (Michael Gambon), the
theatrical manager who gave Julia her start and made her a star,
while flesh-and-blood Evie (Juliet Stevenson) serves as her
personal maid, dresser, and confidante. Always seeming to find
the wrong one, she believes that Candy and Randy will help her to
find true love. Always works". Amanda and Kip scream in terror.
Amanda asks for his feedback on a screenplay for a movie she is
cast in. Amanda asks him why he did not reveal the existence of
his daughters to her during their lunch, and Graham explains that
he doesn't usually tell women about them because he doesn't know
how to date women while also being a dad. Amanda bases her case
on the belief that women and men are equal, and that Doris had
been forced into the situation through her husband's poor
treatment of her. Amanda chooses not to see Graham again but,
alone again in the cottage, she has a change of heart and
surprises Graham at his house. Amanda contacts Iris, and the two
women quickly agree to swap homes for two weeks. Amanda drinks
far too much that night, and Graham agrees to stay the night with
her. Amanda gets along beautifully with Sophie and Olivia, making
Graham consider how  Amanda might fit into his family life.
Amanda grows bored after just a few hours and books a flight home
for the next day. Amanda is consoled by the drunken girlfriends
of Mike's jock friends, whom she realizes she has nothing in
common with, and her own second-cousin, who tries to hit on her.
Amanda is furious with this prank, and a three-way fight ensues.
Amanda is horrified, and says to Adam, "You've no right to do
this -- nobody does. Amanda jokes about running for the post as
the Democratic candidate. Amanda sympathizes with the woman,
particularly noting the double standard that exists for men and
women regarding adultery. Amanda takes Harold to a party filled
with stars and elites so they can confront Sidney with Harold's
opinion of the script. Amanda tells him that she has decided to
stay to spend New Year's Eve with him, and they embrace. Amanda
then finds Harold at the bar where they first met, drunk and
surrounded by giggling women. Amanda visits Preston at the
station and asks him about the letter. Amanda, the prom queen,
had recently broken up with her immature arrogant jock boyfriend
Mike Dexter (Peter Facinelli). Amarilly is in a side car on
Terry's motor bike; they both are nicely dressed and seem to be
doing well. Amarilly is outraged and returns to her old home.
Amarilly is proud of her hard-working Irish family, and takes
care of her five roughhouse brothers. Amarilly visits him in the
hospital and tells him that when he gets out, they have a date at
City Hall. Amazed at the murder, Chucky proposes to Tiffany.
Amazingly, her father forcefully stands up for her, points out
that whenever she enters a room, people smile, and that he loves
her. Ambassador-designate to Saudi Arabia Ogden Mears (Marlon
Brando) sails back to America after touring the world. Amber
makes it appear that she is Sharpay's friend and that her being a
servant would place Boi in the lead for getting the role.
Ambitious high-flyer Nat (Rose Byrne) and struggling writer Josh
(Rafe Spall) fall in love at first sight at a party. Amelia
(Keener) and Laura (Heche) are childhood best friends. Amelia and
Donovan evolve their truce into marriage plans, despite her
blaming him (correctly) for the attempt to deceive her as to her
half-siblings' true paternity. Amelia becomes obsessed with Bill
after sleeping with him but quickly becomes hurt and angry as he
never calls her. Amelia is left feeling vulnerable when Laura and
her boyfriend Frank get engaged. Amelia is not told of the
relationship, but she learns that the woman was named Manulani.
Amelia receives obscene phone calls and calls Andrew, making him
take the train to come and protect her. Amelia, Laura and Frank
go to Amelia's parents' country cottage where Laura and Frank
plan to get married. Amelia, too, is not as expected, as when she
strips off her outdated "swimming costume" to reveal a tight
swimsuit, challenges Donovan to a swimming race, and dives into
the water. American authorities inform him that he must marry
within five days or the adoption will be void. American
millionaire Samuel Adams brings his daughter Dorothy to England
to see a specialist about her heart trouble. American newlyweds
Denise and Danny have just begun their month-long honeymoon by
the ocean in New Jersey when Denise witnesses a ragged man, fully
clad, emerging from the water. American pilot Tom Martin (Ray
Milland) is a soldier of fortune who went to Spain to fight in
the Spanish Civil War. American producer Jack Frost, her
employer, has just had the star of his next show, Frolics to You,
walk out on him because of his desperate financial situation.
Ames and Cobb's hatred of Dodo increases when in the interests of
promoting democracy in the United States Army, Betty invites Dodo
to dinner at the colonel's quarters, but Ames and Cobb believe
they have been invited as well. Ames writes an editorial decrying
Melsa's "prank", and she sues him for libel. Amid Inez's pique,
Gil calmly leaves, after which Inez's father tells her and her
mother that he had Gil followed, though the detective has
mysteriously disappeared. Amid cheers from friends and family and
confused looks from the crowd, Pat approaches Nikki and speaks
quietly into her ear. Amid the chaos, Jim's uncontrollable
headaches cause him to collapse to the ground, but the angel
returns to save him, driving Patty and her father away, never to
return. Among his various clients on his latest trip are Samantha
(Pleshette) with whom he wants to have an affair, a man who
desires a pair of custom-made Italian shoes from a certain
cobbler in Rome, another man who is secretly being set up for a
surprise marriage with his Italian cousin, and an Army veteran
who is reliving his World War II experiences. Among its contents
are programs of plays her mother was in (she was an aspiring
actress), a passport, and a mystery paper bag with a date
scribbled on it. Among other problems plaguing the couples
include Lauren being called by her boss Lee (Kelsey Grammer), who
tells her she is being considered for aOO. Among the audience is
a girl named Courtney Lane (Tammin Sursok). Among the characters
are an older couple about to renew their wedding vows (Sean
Connery and Gena Rowlands); a woman (Gillian Anderson) who
accepts a date from a stranger (Jon Stewart); a gay man dying of
AIDS (Jay Mohr) and his mother (Ellen Burstyn) who has struggled
to accept him; two young people who meet in a nightclub (Ryan
Phillippe and Angelina Jolie); a couple having an affair (Anthony
Edwards and Madeleine Stowe) and a man (Dennis Quaid) who tells
his tragic life story to a woman he meets in a bar (Patricia
Clarkson), but seems to have a strange connection to another
mysterious woman. Among the group is Dennis (Timothy Olyphant), a
photographer who often holds the group together; Cole (Dean Cain)
a handsome, charismatic actor who &mdash; often unwittingly
&mdash; ends up with other people's boyfriends; Benji (Zach
Braff), the youngest member of the group, with a penchant for
gym-bodied men, who finds himself going through some bad times;
Howie (Matt McGrath), a psychology student who is known for
overthinking every situation; Patrick (Ben Weber), the cynic of
the group; and Taylor (Billy Porter), who has just broken up with
his long-term boyfriend. Among the visitors to Pitchfork are a
troupe of showgirls hoping to entertain the visitors and a folk
music group returning to their home after their touring is
through. Among them the young and beautiful photo model Polly
Haines (Jane Wyman), and Eric is instantly quite smitten by her.
Among those arriving are the 16-year-old King Nicholas VIII of
Carpathia, with his Prince Regent father, Charles (Laurence
Olivier), a secondary Prince of Hungary and widower of the Queen
of Carpathia. Among those confused and distraught are dr
Sommerfield (Melville Cooper) and his wife Sophia (Spring
Byington). Amused (and attracted to Ginger), he accepts the job,
giving his name as "Harry Mann". Amy (Samantha Mathis), an
American waitress he meets in a restaurant who takes a shine to
Sarah, takes up the role as nanny, moving in with Jack after one
meeting. Amy Cooper (Sandy Duncan) has come to the big city to
train for the Olympics with the best swimming coach in the
country. Amy Squirrel, a dedicated but overly enthusiastic
colleague, also pursues Scott while the school's gym teacher,
Russell Gettis, makes it clear that he is interested in Elizabeth
romantically; she, however, is not interested in him because he's
just a gym teacher. Amy and Bernard go on a date to a
discotheque, but when Bernard sees Barbara performing as the
featured go-go dancer, he is mesmerized by Barbara and loses all
interest in Amy. Amy and Kat now reconcile and Kat lets go of her
anger and forgives Amy since she confessed the truth to Ed. Amy
decides to go back to Florida because Andy isn't interested in
her. Amy declines, stating that although Josh is not secretly
dating Dylan, he wants to. Amy even sets him up on a date with
her ex-boyfriend, football player Kevin Cartwright (Cylk Cozart),
but Oscar manages to defuse the situation by saying that he's in
love with someone else. Amy feels forced to tell Johnny and Bob
the truth about her deceit. Amy finds Elizabeth's journalist
disguise and the practice test, which leads her to suspect
Elizabeth cheated on the state exam. Amy has a blind spot when it
comes to naval officers, however, not wanting a permanent
relationship with one because they are constantly on the move.
Amy informs the principal and gets Carl to testify against her.
Amy is a single 29 year old Jewish woman. Amy is still posing as
Johnny's wife Tillie, when she confronts Johnny right there at
the party on his responsibilities as a husband and father. Amy
leaves in frustration after she nearly kisses him, prompting a
brief argument between her and Oscar where Oscar states that her
relationship with Newman has no future. Amy modifies Tillie's new
passport and travels to America by boat on the ticket Tillie had
bought, posing as her best friend. Amy pretends to remember with
fondness their six-week romance all those years ago, but problems
arise when Johnny wants to get closer and demand his conjugal
rights. Amy starts a pointless search for a "John Grey from
Rochester" and finds nothing. Amy tries to get away by saying
that he should fall in love again, since it was such a long time
ago they met. Amy tries to win him back by kissing him and
offering to spend the night with him, which Bernard accepts
although he's thinking of Barbara the entire time. Amy visits him
and he proposes to her from his sick-bed. Amy, acting on the
growing resentment between them due to Elizabeth pursuing Scott
and ignoring school rules, attempts to warn the principal about
Elizabeth's embezzlement scheme, but he dismisses her claims as
groundless. Amy, however, still risks being deported as an
illegal alien with fraudulent documents, since the photographs
prove that she in fact isn't who she has claimed to be. An
'emergency' meeting with Darla at the office - thankfully, over
the guest list, not the groom cancelling the wedding. An American
beautician named Joy Miller (Fran Drescher) teaches students to
groom hair, but is put out of business when one of her students
accidentally ignites hair spray with his cigarette, eventually
leading to the school burning down. An American dancer, Jerry
Travers (Fred Astaire) comes to London to star in a show produced
by the bumbling Horace Hardwick (Edward Everett Horton). An
American exchange student almost runs him over and gets to know
him. An RAF officer, sent to negotiate with the people, falls in
love with a local girl and realises what the base would mean to
the islanders. An a cappella rendition of the Charlie Chaplin
song "Smile" appears in the home movies, sung by her mother
(Angeline Ball). An accident causes a disruption of gravity on
Celeste's home world (Cosine N to the 8th). An actor made up like
the photograph is introduced to Bab and persists in his
attentions until she flees from the house. An actual millionaire,
the much-married aging mama's boy Osgood Fielding III, (Joe
Brown) tries repeatedly to pick up Daphne, who rebuffs him. An
alarm is raised and she is found by the police apparently
drowning in the bathtub, into which she had fallen. An all-or-
nothing man, he wins if he does not crash. An ambitious young man
sees her act one night and is struck by her talent, realizing
that she is good enough to become a Broadway star. An angry Eva
dumps Ray, leaves the city and resolves to start a new life. An
angry Victor blurts out that to be divorced, two people must
first be married. An anonymous benefactor they call "Somebody"
starts fulfilling that goal. An anthropologist, Professor Robert
Orville Sutwell is secretly studying the "wild mating habits" of
Southern California teenagers who hang out at the beach and use
strange surfing jargon. An apologetic Dan makes it up to her,
then arranges for them to be remarried right away. An argument
ensues, in which Andy accuses Trish of pushing him into changing
his life against his will. An argument with her overly
nationalistic father Gus (Michael Constantine), who wants his
daughter to marry and settle down with another Greek or man of
Greek origin rather than pursue a career, causes Toula to want
her own life away from the restaurant and her intrusive family.
An artist falls in love with his model. An aspiring painter named
Dustin meets a woman named Christiane. An astronomy professor she
has never met, Alec Stevenson, mentions to a lecture-tour
publicist named Teddy Evans that he has a locket belonging to
Susan that he wants to deliver to her. An attempt to make Leahy
jealous by flirting with another woman ends in failure. An
attendant opens the door and mistakenly believes that Polly is
the baby's mother. An avalanche of mail inspires Burnbridge
Waters. An editorial in a student magazine praises him for
planning to read Bartolomeo Vanzetti's sentencing statement to
his class as an example of eloquent composition, even in broken
English composed by a non-professional. An elaborate masquerade
ball is to be held by her husband's best friend Jimmy Wade
(Roland Young) in aboard the a moored dirigible named the
Zeppelin CB-P-55. An elderly woman, calling herself mrs Maybelle
Worthington (Spring Byington), comes to buy some underwear. An
encounter with an attractive old friend, Nikki (Kerry
Washington), suddenly casts doubt over his typically resilient
self-control. An enigmatic character, Lola quickly becomes the
center of the household dynamic when, after a night of heavy
drinking while mom is away, she and Hlynur sleep together. An
enraged David goes to confront Max. An enraged Donald, thinking
that Mickey had been tricked, furiously throws the beans down the
floor and they fall through a hole. An enraged Jenny vows to make
Matt regret the decision, using her superpowers to publicly
embarrass him, throwing his car into space and eventually causing
him to lose his job as an architect when she strips him naked
during an important meeting. An epidemic of measles breaks out
and Bab is sent home. An epilogue shows that Genovian Parliament
now allows female members, one of whom is Charlotte. An epilogue
shows the couple's life six years later. An equally drunken Sloan
overhears and spreads the story. An exasperated diction coach
tries to teach her how to speak properly, but to no avail. An
excellent seaman. An excited Garfield invites her to dinner to
discuss it. An exhausted mrs Sommers rests at counter where she
will begin her shopping adventure. An impatient driver, blocked
by the moving van, yells at them and starts a fight with Luke. An
impersonation act by The Radio Rogues is also filmed at the
Studio and includes imitations of Kate Smith ('When The Moon
Comes Over The Mountain'). An impromptu sing-along to Guns N'
Roses' "Paradise City" causes him to become popular. An
inebriated old-timer named Judson (John McIntire) joins Mrs
Steinmetz aboard "No. An initially hostile, suspicious trio of
privates, Sam Beacham (Louis Nye), Russell Drexler (Joe Flynn)
and Frank Ostrow (Del Moore), are penalized for opposing him and
eventually smarten up and become his pals as well. An
instrumental version of "At Last" was recorded by Glenn Miller
and his Orchestra as well as a version with vocals by John Payne
and Pat Friday, but these recordings would remain unused and
unissued. An intensive makeover of Eliza's speech, manners and
dress begins in preparation for her appearance at the Embassy
Ball. An intoxicated Robbie goes home and finds Linda waiting for
him and wanting to reconcile. An irritated Beery frames Keaton
for possession of alcohol and gets him arrested, simultaneously
showing him a wedding announcement between him and Leahy — Keaton
will be unable to stop the wedding while in jail. An older man,
played by Paul Dooley, tries romancing a younger woman, played by
Marta Heflin. An older married couple, handyman Murphy (Lynde)
and maid Dorcas (Coca) work for Hogan, he the stereotypical
harried husband, she the stereotypical loud and overbearing wife.
An older teen, Edith Alice “Breezy” Breezerman (Kay Lenz) hops
out of bed, gets dressed, and steps into the daylight. An on-
screen epilogue reveals that John was killed by a drunk driver in
December 1964, Toad was reported missing in action near An Lộc in
December 1965, Steve is an insurance agent in Modesto,
California, and Curt is a writer living in Canada. An opportunity
for redemption. An opportunity presents itself when Linzer,
Sergio's employer, offers him $20,000 to torch the store so he
can collect the insurance money and use it to give his wife the
lifestyle he feels she deserves. An orphan herself, Millie
quickly decides to adopt him, but learns from Ralph Galloway (Ron
Randell), the head of the place, that she has to be married to
have a chance. An overjoyed Brainey decides to leave her job as a
dancer and look after the "home" full-time until after Christmas.
An overly optimistic Tom assures her she'll be married by the
next morning. An unbalanced Tati enters the class of the
biologist Conrado (Malvino Salvador) and hears his lesson about
evolution, where he tells that modern women have destroyed years
of evolution with their attitudes and lack of romanticism. An
uncouth, corrupt rich junk dealer, Harry Brock, brings his
showgirl mistress Billie Dawn with him to Washington,C. An
undaunted Harold conjures up Jane Russell from a basket by
playing a flute. An undetermined amount of time later, Green is
shocked to awaken--unscathed. An unlikely romance begins when she
hitches a ride with Benjie to attend a wedding in Palawan. Anabel
comes up with more ingenious schemes, but they are all
unsuccessful. Anabel leaves the decision up to Joe, who bows out,
saying that he only wants her to be happy. Anabel makes a
reservation at a restaurant on a day when she knows that Madison
habitually dines there. Anatoly, who has talked of little else
but defecting, can't bring himself to go through with it; and
Vladimir, who had opposed the scheme as reckless and foolhardy,
suddenly decides to do it. And Helen decides to do it on her own
terms, which means raising the children and maintaining her
already fast-paced schedule. And Queen Mia officially opens the
children's home. And Vic buys a juke box as a gift for his
girlfriend's remodeled bar. And although Taylor doesn't have many
scruples, he refuses to sleep with Erin after learning she is
still a virgin. And at that moment Juli realizes that Bryce loves
her and he wants her to give him a second chance. And finally,
Alice is seen hiking the Grand Canyon by herself so that she can
witness the sunrise on New Year's Day, a dream she always had.
And for once, Bryce can't get Juli out of his head, and Juli
hates Bryce the way Bryce hated her. And his new occupation
provides new opportunities to do so. And if she were here now,
she'd tell ya the same thing". And in the final fifth stereotype,
The Roommates, two friends are roommates and one friend tells the
other to have sex with his girlfriend. And in the ninth inning,
Ryan realizes how much he loves Tenley and wants to leave the
game so he can stop her from leaving. And since Ryan has the
freshest arm and the most rest, and is designated to start the
final game. And tells Ryan not to get discouraged with baseball.
And this is the underlying theme of the movie, Jake's existential
crisis of, "Is this all there is. And those are just some of the
crazy relatives that come as part of the package. And tonight, as
it happens, Broken Social Scene, her favourite band, is throwing
a big outdoor bash. And when Walter's father Walter Sr. And when
he falls through a roof and is knocked unconscious, Burke wakes
up speaking and acting in his normal way, confusing Nan until she
decides that the blow has changed Schuyler's entire personality
for the better. And when we kiss, when we kiss, it moves me to my
soul". And, according to Sydney's narration, they all lived
"dorkily ever after". And, in a set-up similar to the opening
scene, Rosalee and Pete get out of their cars and Pete,
surrendering to cheesy romance, asks her to dance. Anderson and
Katie spend their honeymoon in jail and bribe a judge with a
blender they received as a wedding present. Anderson and Katie
then decide to take things slow, the same day she moves into
Anderson's apartment. Anderson, Katie, Ted and the rest of the
party drive to Atlantic City in a car from the car dealership
where Ted works (under the pretense of test driving the vehicle).
Andie Anderson (Kate Hudson) is a writer who works for a magazine
called Composure as the "How to. Andie catches up with Blane in
the parking lot and they kiss passionately. Andie goes on to get
Ben knocked out at a chick flick, rapidly moves her things into
his apartment, acts overly possessive and sensitive at all times,
ruins boys' poker night for him and his friends, and takes him to
a Celine Dion concert when he was under the assumption he was
going to see a New York Knicks basketball game. Andie goes to
Iona, crying about what happened. Andie runs away as a teary-eyed
Blane leaves, with Steff criticizing Andie again. Andie starts
calling Blane a liar and accuses him of being ashamed of being
seen with her because his friends don't approve. Andie tries to
explain to boss Lana (Bebe Neuwirth) that she cannot continue
writing and publishing this article as she has "really got to
know this guy", but Lana remains insistent upon it. Andie visits
Iona at her apartment the next day to talk about Andie's date.
Andie works hard to make Ben break up with her in order to
complete her article. Andie's best friend, Phil "Duckie" Dale, is
in love with her, but is afraid to tell her how he truly feels.
Andie, feeling that their night didn't go so well, tells Blane
that she wants to go home, but when Blane offers to take her
home, she refuses, admitting that she doesn't want him to see
where she lives. Andie, in turn, suggests going to the local
club, where they discover Iona sitting with Duckie, who is
hostile toward Blane. Andre heads over to the hotel to check up
on her. Andrew and Abby, a long-time couple, are having trouble
trying to put spice back into their lovelife and try something
"new". Andrew and Carol's marriage is strained by the demands of
her fame. Andrew blames Heidee for what happened and even
threatens to sue her for giving that particular advice. Andrew
finds Kyle’s suicide note and journals as highly uncharacteristic
based on Kyle's personality when he was alive, but Lance brushes
him off when Andrew confronts him. Andrew gets angry at Beth for
not showing up at gallery. Andrew is disappointed and kisses Mia
to see if there is a romantic spark between them. Andrew leaves
Kay to move to Hong Kong, where Grace has a new position with her
company. Andrew tells Lance he knew the truth all along, and that
he enjoyed Lance's writing. Andrew, Kevin, and Jonathan all
attend, but Beth doesn't. Andrew, the son of a prominent attorney
(Roger Rees), works in the New York State Attorney General's
office in Manhattan, and has been passionately pursuing a case
against a network of Chinatown sweatshops — in one of which
Grace's mother works. Andrés falls for her many charms. Andy
(Eddie Watson), the "baddest" of the trio, thinks Jay is about to
get into a lifetime imprisonment. Andy (Lee Bowman) and Janie
(Jean Arthur) Anderson are seated on opposite sides of a court
room filing for a divorce. Andy (Michael Carbonaro) is an
awkward, sex-crazed character who frequently masturbates with his
mother's fruits and vegetables. Andy (Mickey Rooney) has received
an honorable discharge from the Army after a service of two
years. Andy Hardy (Mickey Rooney) from Carvel becomes infatuated
with a well-known young socialite, Daphne Fowler (Diana Lewis),
from New York City. Andy Hardy (Mickey Rooney) is putting a $12
down payment on a used car. Andy Hardy (Mickey Rooney) is upset
that his girlfriend, Polly Benedict (Ann Rutherford), had fallen
for Ensign Charles Copley (Robert Kent). Andy Hardy meets Betsy
Booth while delivering some of his mother’s freshly canned
preserves. Andy Schaeffer is a spoiled mama's boy who usually
gets his way. Andy Stitzer (Steve Carell) is a 40-year-old virgin
who lives alone, collects action figures, plays video games, and
his social life seems to consist of watching Survivor with his
elderly neighbors. Andy Taylor (Andy Griffith), now living in
Cleveland as a US Postal Inspector, returns to his native
Mayberry to see his son Opie (Ron Howard) become a first-time
father, and also to run in the soon-to-be held sheriff's
election, as he has already asked county clerk Howard Sprague
(Jack Dodson) to prepare the paperwork. Andy Williams (Wheeler)
and dr Bob Dudley (Woolsey) convince her to hire them as salesman
to promote her new flavored lipstick, and hilarity ensues. Andy
accepts the offer, but finds out soon after that Kay cannot
attend the dance. Andy admits that he is a virgin as well, but
only gains ridicule himself. Andy also tries his best to help his
sister Marian (Cecilia Parker) with her own relationship problems
and takes an interest in assisting his father Judge Hardy (Lewis
Stone) with a complicated case involving an injured boy (Bobby
Blake). Andy and Barney arrive shortly afterward, but Barney
doesn't believe Gomer's story until he sees what looks like
monster tracks in the mud (made by Ernest wearing specially made
galoshes). Andy and Nicky meet at the wedding, and fall in love.
Andy and Trish's relationship grows, and Trish suggests that Andy
sell his collectible action figures, which will earn him enough
money to open his own store. Andy brings Judge Hardy to the home
of twelve-year-old ham radio operator James McMann Jr (Gene
Reynolds) and he sends a message to mrs Hardy. Andy chases after
her on his bike, but collides with her car and flies headlong
into the side of a truck. Andy comforts Jay, who says that sex
can ruin a relationship. Andy confesses his plan to ask Kay to
marry him when he comes back to college. Andy ducks out while the
two are reacquainting and drives over to the house where Opie and
his wife Eunice live just as she is about to go into labor. Andy
enthusiastically agrees; they decide to postpone it to the 20th
date. Andy feels relieved to be able to date Polly again. Andy
gets drunk and, after running into Beth, goes to her apartment
with her. Andy goes to the cemetery to visit Aunt Bee's grave,
and finds Thelma Lou there visiting her uncle's gravesite. Andy
goes to visit Barney at the sheriff's office. Andy graduates and
is given a new car by his father; Kathryn sings at the ceremony,
Harry wins the Governor's Prize and is offered a job, and their
impoverished father Steven Land (Ian Hunter) gets a job as a
court interpreter. Andy has to bribe his friends to dance with
her, but one boy, Harry Land, refuses the money because he has a
secret crush on Melodie. Andy helps Julia shop for her wedding
dress. Andy is about to take a shower at the house when he
realises that the water is switched off. Andy is accosted by a
lady who claims she's pregnant by him and tries to make a scene;
Andy however cunningly escapes. Andy is devastated when he
miserably fails his English examination, which means he cannot
graduate. Andy is eventually elected the "new" sheriff, Opie
accepts the newspaper job in Binghamton, and Barney and Thelma
Lou finally get married, with Ernest and the Darlings joining in
the celebration. Andy is heartbroken, but as a sign of good faith
he nevertheless agrees to be Kay's best man at the wedding. Andy
is inspired by his father’s successful litigation, and in a
moment of honesty, he tells his friend Betty about his situation.
Andy is nearly fired after, due to drowsiness, he mixes up two
outgoing letters in the office mail. Andy is quite embarrassed by
their appearance together, but soon warms up to the bigger girl
and they become good friends. Andy is shocked however, when Kay
comes back to Wainwright and tells him that she has fallen in
love with her guardian Dane, and that she is planning on marrying
him the very next day. Andy is stranded outside in the garden,
and has to wait in the shrubbery until his parents arrive home
from the country club. Andy is troubled, however, when he falls
hard for Luis (Euriamis Losada), a charming, handsome virgin.
Andy is very determined though, to keep the romance a secret form
his parents. Andy lands a date with Trish Piedmont (Catherine
Keener), a woman he met on the sales floor. Andy lands the job,
and even gets to repeatedly date the office receptionist, a more
worldly woman who with the office staff are amused at his naivete
and sometimes clumsiness. Andy needs the money to purchase his
car, so he agrees. Andy offers to drive Susie around town and is
seen by Melodie, who immediately goes to the judge and asks him
to say that he accepted her invitation for Andy to come to the
dance. Andy prepares to tell Trish he is a virgin, but Trish
suggests that they postpone having sex. Andy reports for basic
training at Fort Ord, making it clear to everybody there that
he'd rather be anyplace else. Andy soon meets there another young
man who has just been fired as "office boy" at a midtown firm.
Andy starts going out with Cynthia, but she is bored by sports
activities, and they find they only get along when they are busy
kissing; after walking Cynthia home Andy stops in to visit Betsy
Booth—only he’s covered in Cynthia’s lipstick. Andy starts to
open up, and begins to form friendships with his co-workers. Andy
suggests a message be sent to their mother via ham radio in lieu
of sending her a telegram. Andy telephones her saying he can’t
take her to the dance because of a previous engagement. Andy
tells her about the notorious inn and warns her not to get
involved in a scandal. Andy then mentions that Barney's old
girlfriend Thelma Lou, newly divorced after less than two years,
is back in Mayberry staying with her sister; Barney nonchalantly
says he'll eventually go and see her. Andy tries to clear things
up with Polly but, having learned of his fling with Cynthia, she
angrily tells Andy that she won’t go to the dance with him
because she has a date with a college boy. Andy tries to convince
her otherwise and declares his love for her, but she leaves in
alarm and disgust. Andy wants them both to graduate, and "helps"
them out by editing the telegram to the father about the date for
traveling to the south, letting them stay a few days longer. Andy
wants to return to Wainwright college to finish his studies and
meet his sweetheart as soon as possible. Andy's attempt to help
his friends attend commencement results in another disaster — the
father's job offer is rescinded. Andy's dad, Judge Hardy (Lewis
Stone), knows that his son is destined for heartache, but he
decides to let Andy find out for himself how young love can be.
Andy's wife Helen follows Andy back to Mayberry and only then
finds out that Andy has opted out of the sheriff's race, and Opie
receives a highly lucrative job offer from a newspaper in
Binghamton, New York. Andy, desperate to take his girlfriend
Polly Benedict (Ann Rutherford) to the Christmas Eve dance in his
own car, must pay an additional $8 by December 23 for it to be
his. Andy, having failed to seduce his long-time crush, his math
teacher, mr Puckov (Graham Norton), has a threesome with the
rejected Beau and Angel. Andy, however, isn't smitten by Isabel
in the same way, still preoccupied with thinking about his
college sweetheart. Andy’s friends, who happen to be editors at a
paper, want to print the story about the romantic couple, and
Andy is forced to get to know the socialite to avoid
embarrassment. Angel sees Scamp being sent to the pound and she
goes to alert Tramp. Angela Gardner (Virginia Mayo) is an exotic
dancer who decides to improve her mind; she enrolls in a college
where Professor John Palmer (Ronald Reagan) teaches English.
Angela Twitchell (Joan Blondell) daughter of Rufus Twitchell
(Grant Mitchell) the founder of Twitchell's Toothpaste wants to
work for her father's New York company. Angela believes Marcus is
cheating and confronts him live on his television show, who then
gives her his cell phone and password. Angela comes home early to
catch Marcus cheating and finds a couple in her bed, but after
shooting up the room, she notices it was just the gardener and
the maid having sex. Angela de Marco (Michelle Pfeiffer) is the
wife of mafia up-and-comer Frank "The Cucumber" de Marco (Alec
Baldwin), who gets violently dispatched by Mob boss Tony "The
Tiger" Russo (Dean Stockwell) when he is discovered in a
compromising situation with the latter's mistress Karen (Nancy
Travis). Angela first customer Claudette (Glenda Farrell) the
head of a chain of pharmacy is committed to Twitchell's company,
because she is in love with the company's salesman Pat O'Connor
(William Gargan). Angela is insistent about getting the password
to Marcus' cell phone because she distrusts him, but Marcus
distracts her using sex. Angela lectures Dianne and Sheila about
how all men cheat. Angela tries to help her father by bringing an
idea for a cocktail flavored toothpaste and when he refuses to
listen, she takes the idea to Schmidt. Angela wants to escape the
mafia scene with her son, but is harassed by Tony who puts the
moves on her at Frank's funeral. Angela will attend, disguised as
a mysterious devil woman—"Madam Satan"—to "vamp" her husband.
Angela's attempts to break away from the Mob result in comic
mayhem and a climactic showdown in a honeymoon suite in Miami.
Angela, who by this time has unmasked and made herself known to
the still-entranced Bob, gives Trixie her parachute, making her
promise to leave Bob alone. Angelina arrives, and Teglash tells
her he is freeing her husband and then describes his dream,
touching her with his obvious deep feelings for her. Angelina
greets Teglash, who flirts with her when he learns her bridegroom
has escaped, but she makes it clear she respects her marriage
vows and is concerned about her husband's safety. Angelina's
servant Luigi, seeing how smitten the colonel is with his
mistress, tells Teglash how three hundred years earlier,
Francesca retained control of the castle when a tyrannical duke
attempted to seize it. Angelo sides with his son, and Eduardo is
so appalled by his brother's actions that he helps set up
Dominic's permanent removal from the family. Angered and shamed
by Sean's refusal to confront her brother and demand what is
legally hers, she brands him a coward, and, despite living
together, they are quickly estranged as husband and wife. Angered
at Sam for wasting his time, Costikyan, along with Lloyd, drive
off, leaving the brothers by the side of the road. Angered by his
deceit, she publishes the story in the newspaper the next day.
Angered by the situation, the group and their supporters decide
to protest peacefully at India Gate, a war memorial in New Delhi.
Angered by this decision, Adrian and Cassius go to Earth to
create a new Hell by possessing religious and political leaders
in New York City. Angered that her parents invaded her privacy,
Deborah Ann heads to her room and breaks down into tears. Angered
that the two of them stole from her, Wilma goes back to Chip.
Angered, Matt contacts Professor Bedlam and agrees to help him
defeat her, as long as Bedlam retires from being a supervillain.
Angered, he knocks out his opponent and decides to give his 5000
votes to another contestant Virgie Matthews (Marie Wilson).
Angered, he throws it hard and it soars into the sky. Angered,
she argues but instead gets bombarded by a kiss. Angered, she
ejects him from her car and abandons him in the middle of a busy
street. Angie is insulted and refuses. Angie says she doesn't
want to make the same mistake again. Angie wants a love
relationship, with "bells and banjos". Angrily, she declares that
their marriage is over and chooses to initiate divorce
proceedings. Angry and hurt, George leaves. Angry and hurt, Judy
walks out into the rain. Angry at her lack of gratitude, Radar,
Ben, and Lacey leave the barn and spend the night at a motel.
Angry at himself for letting her go, he has "spent every day
since then chasing Amy, so to speak". Angry over Ashley's
deception and uncertain of what she's supposed to do, Kate later
encounters the ice sculptor, and discovers that he is also a
ghost (a result of a drunk driving accident). Angry that Bianca
has spurned him for Cameron, Joey reveals his arrangement with
Patrick, which causes Kat to leave heartbroken. Angry, Megan
leaves. Angry, Willie captures Mickey, Donald, and Goofy and
locks them in the harp's chest so as to keep them from pulling
any more tricks. Angry, the Major follows Gilchrist off ship and
thrashes him. Animal chases continue, with the group capturing a
zebra, a giraffe, a gazelle, a buffalo, and a wildebeest. Anita,
Gus and Josie's other co-workers watch through the camera and are
overjoyed as she is voted prom queen. Ann (Audrey Hepburn), the
crown princess of an unspecified country becomes frustrated with
her tightly scheduled life, and breaks down at having to
repeatedly answer "yes, thank you" and "no, thank you" to demands
of her time. Ann Barton (Laura La Plante), a girl from a once-
wealthy family, must make a living by clerking in a cigar store.
Ann Harper Berry (Loretta Young), a young socialite, receives an
inheritance of one million dollars from her deceased grandmother.
Ann Wotters, working at the Brockhurst Institute of Research in
Los Angeles, is devastated when she learns that her uncle, dr
Homer Pecke, will be let off because the institute can't afford
to keep him on staff and his research project running. Ann and
her uncle's colleagues dr Gurke, dr Pembroke and dr Collyer, put
their sharp heads together to come up with a plan to raise the
money needed. Ann blackmails her aunts into consenting to her
marriage with Gilly, threatening to expose their scandalous
behaviour at the nightclub if they don't. Ann dives in to save
him, and they swim away together away from the agents, finally
sharing a kiss as they sit shivering on the riverbank. Ann goes
to Steve to borrow the rest of the money from him, but finds him
and Hilda drinking and on the floor in Hilda's room. Ann has
followed Steve's advice, however, and bet on another horse,
losing their money when mr McGillicuddy wins. Ann is 19, but
looks 15. Ann is furious and suspicious towards Steve after this.
Ann, enjoying her freedom, explores an outdoor market, buys a
pair of shoes, and, on a whim, gets her long hair cut short. Ann,
who is furious at being denied the right to marry who she
pleases, decides to create a scandal. Anna Foster (Mandy Moore)
is the daughter of President of the United States James Foster
(Mark Harmon). Anna Karenina is the tragic story of a married
aristocrat/socialite and her affair with the affluent Count
Vronsky. Anna and Vronskaya have traveled and talked together in
the same carriage. Anna and Vronsky reunite and elope to Europe,
leaving Seryozha and Karenin's offer of divorce. Anna becomes
increasingly jealous and irrational towards Vronsky, whom she
suspects of having love affairs with other women. Anna begs him
to come home, but he only says that he has no home any more, and
leaves. Anna calls Brian for comfort and he rushes over to her
apartment. Anna calls the ambulance and Edy is rushed off to the
hospital. Anna cannot understand why she can attract a man like
Levin, who has a young and beautiful new wife, but can no longer
attract Vronsky. Anna comes to a bridge, where she meets the
Jumping Germans, a bungee jumping group. Anna confesses that she
loves him. Anna finally realizes that Edy was not cheating on
her, and that the Susan that Edy was talking to was actually his
oncologist. Anna finds her in the hotel and aids in her escape.
Anna follows him and finds him on a lonely beach, where she tells
him that she wants a "little Ludo" before they can talk about a
"little Anna". Anna greets Rabbi Lewis (Eli Wallach) as he passes
by and asks about their meetings together, referencing the class
that Anna had told Jake briefly she had been taking, at which
point it becomes clear that she had been taking classes to
convert to Judaism. Anna has become intensely jealous of Vronsky
and cannot bear it when he leaves her even for short excursions.
Anna interprets this as an "evil omen". Anna is clearly drunk and
is very upset. Anna is devastated. Anna is unable to hide her
distress during the accident. Anna is uneasy about leaving her
young son, Sergei ("Seryozha"), alone for the first time. Anna
lives with two roommates — a wealthy woman and a female opera
singer. Anna refuses him, although she is deeply affected by his
attentions to her. Anna returns home and Mauricio brings her into
the kitchen. Anna returns to her husband, Count Alexei
Alexandrovich Karenin, a senior government official, and her son
Seryozha in st Petersburg. Anna says that after the kids leave,
there will be nothing more to talk about. Anna secretly reads
Ludo's phone messages, while he in turn stumbles upon "The List",
an account of Anna's former lovers—including Ralf, who scores
better than Ludo does. Anna starts to become anxious that Vronsky
no longer loves her. Anna struggles to understand the concept and
asks why he did not lie to convince her to marry him; Mark states
that it "wouldn't count". Anna tells Jake that she wants things
to be more serious between them and he does not respond well.
Anna uses morphine to help her sleep, a habit she began while
living with Vronsky at his country estate. Anna visits Seryozha
uninvited on his ninth birthday but is discovered by Karenin.
Anna walks out and Mark confesses his ability to lie. Anna's
confusion and anger overcome her and, in a parallel to the
railway worker's accidental death in Part 1, she commits suicide
by throwing herself under the carriage of a passing train. Anna,
desperate to regain at least some of her former position in
society, attends a show at the theatre at which all of st
Petersburg's high society are present. Anna, in a state of
extreme distress and emotion, confesses her affair to her
husband. Anna, shaken by her emotional and physical response to
Vronsky, returns at once to st Petersburg. Anna, the Thompsons'
other lodger, is a changeable young woman who is apparently
French. Anne Marie (Kate Bosworth), Eden (Michelle Rodriguez) and
Lena (Sanoe Lake) are best friends. Anne Marie confronts Matt
about their situation and soon resolves to step up her game, as
she finally commits herself to the Pipeline Masters. Anne Marie
faces more problems when she and Eden argue about Anne Marie's
lack of dedication to training for the Pipeline contest due to
the sudden appearance of Matt. Anne Marie has been invited to
join in an upcoming surf competition at the famed North Shore
surf spot, Pipeline. Anne Marie rises every morning before dawn
to train for her surfing comeback, and was once considered a
rising star in women's surfing and competed as a youth, but an
extreme wipeout and near-drowning incident temporarily halted her
career, and left her with deep-seated fears. Anne Sexton wrote an
adaptation as a poem called "Cinderella" in her collection
Transformations (1971), a book in which she re-envisions sixteen
of the Grimm's Fairy tales. Anne does not like the domestic
routine the two have settled into and tells Kate that she has
never been very good at monogamy. Anne immediately goes into full
desperate-to-impress mode and, to Geoffrey's amusement, Ernest
seems completely charmed and captivated by her ludicrous airs and
pretentions, while Anne is thrilled to have found an appreciative
audience. Anne, it is revealed, has been looking for a reason to
break it off with Kate, who is younger and more serious about the
relationship. Annette Monard Street (Lily Pons) is an aspiring
singer, who falls in love with and marries Jonathan Street (Henry
Fonda), a struggling young composer. Annie and Alvy, in a line
for The Sorrow and the Pity, overhear another man deriding the
work of Federico Fellini and Marshall McLuhan; McLuhan himself
steps in at Alvy's invitation to criticize the man's
comprehension. Annie flirts with both Crash and Ebby and invites
them to her house, but Crash walks out, saying he's too much a
veteran to "try out" for anything. Annie is so loyal that she
tries to give him inside information in advance, but he urges her
not to lose her own job. Annie later secretly watches Sam and
Jonah playing on the beach together but mistakes Sam's sister for
his girlfriend. Annie narrates that Elise started a relationship
with a cast member in her new, successful play, that Brenda and
Morty reconciled their differences and got back together, and
that when Aaron tried to get back together with her, Annie told
him to "drop dead". Annie plays mild bondage games, reads poetry
to him, and gets him to think in different ways (and gives him
the nickname "Nuke"). Annie sings "Seems Like Old Times" and the
credits roll. Annie's lesbian daughter Chris (Jennifer Dundas)
also gets in on the plan by asking for a job at her father's
advertising agency so she can supply her mother with inside
information, as payback for Aaron's unfairness toward Annie.
Annika asks Megan to drive her to her estranged mother's house to
see her for the first time in years. Annika is unsuccessful at
sneaking Megan into her house, where her single-parent lawyer
father Craig (Sam Rockwell) questions Megan about her
relationship with his daughter. Annika, seeing them kiss,
tentatively tells Megan that she approves of the relationship.
Annoyed by Frankie's reluctance to start their relationship
towards marriage, Dee Dee becomes receptive to Potato Bug's
advances. Annoyed by Jarrod's behavior, Lily decides to go with
Doug and Nancy to a local party. Annoyed he refuses to let them
past but Shadow tries to tell them they are just trying to get
home. Annoyed with Becky for her superior and suspicious
attitude, Gwen confronts her in front of everyone, accusing her
of trying to win Newton back. Annoyed, Connie goes home. Annoyed,
he advances on her, causing her to retreat and fall on a pile of
ashes. Another argument ensues and everyone is at everyone else's
throat. Another drag racer, the handsome and arrogant Bob Falfa,
is searching out John in order to challenge him to a race.
Another employee is suspected, but turns out to be a member of
the Cable Street Particulars. Another familiar Irving trope,
castration anxiety, is present, most obviously in the fate of one
character, Michael Milton. Another flashback occurs detailing
Fezzik's history of reluctant fighting matches since childhood.
Another hitman follows them to Las Vegas and kills Frank to make
it look like a suicide. Another interpretation of verre/vair
(glass/fur) suggested a sexual element—the Prince was 'trying on'
the 'fur slipper' (vagina) of the maidens in the kingdom, as a
'Droit du seigneur' right of sexual possession of his subjects.
Another passenger, Gilchrist (Jean Hersholt) who is a cad, takes
advantage of Ann's naiveté and places her in a compromising
position. Another performer in the burlesque show, Chita Chula,
remarks that if the book is a success and Doll Face leaves the
show it will probably have to close down. Another person from
Keetoosen recognizes Mary clubbing with Joe in New York. Another
person who is attracted to Alison is Jeremy Taylor, a millionaire
bachelor who is accompanied by his attorney Matthew Kinston.
Another problem is arising when Amy learns that the Red Cross has
found out about her fake identity and threatens have her deported
as an illegal immigrant using false documents. Another suitor is
the art master, Clove (Derek Nimmo), after he breaks up with
Charles' daughter Diana (Justine Lord). Another waitress of his
has taken an interest in him and tries to convince him to give up
waiting for Suzanne, and choose her instead. Another well-known
version was recorded by the German brothers Jacob and Wilhelm
Grimm in the 19th century. Answering to his handler Agent Ronica
Miles, Cody is called upon a mission to find information about a
scientist named dr Albert Connors. Anthony (Padilla) and Ian
(Hecox) are best friends and live in a small house, with Ian's
parents. Anthony attempts the flip, and this time succeeds as Ian
joins him in performing the song, with Anthony winning Anna's
affection, and they both share a kiss. Anthony conceals himself
in a doorway, and when Cynthia walks by, he pulls her inside and
proceeds to spank her. Anthony decides that it is important
enough to go through with it, so Ian accompanies him in traveling
through YouTube. Anthony figures out that Ian was the one who
recorded and uploaded the video. Anthony seeks out Anna and finds
her, only to figure out she doesn't like the "new him" as she
liked his old high school self, to Anthony's shock. Anthony tells
Ian that his and Butt Massage Girl's love is fake and that it's
only a video. Anthony then goes to help him, but past Ian
interferes and attacks Anthony, while Ian is trying to knock out
past Anthony. Antoine is going on a business trip, and so asks
Deuce to care for his lionfish and protect his home while he is
away. Antoine is suspicious, but cannot figure out why. Antoine
is then arrested by Detective Fowler, and Deuce marries Kate.
Antoine tells Graham that his wife, Isabelle, forgives him for
his relationship with Irène as she knows he cannot help
forgetting his family. Antoinette despises her future husband,
but has to marry before she is thirty in order to inherit a large
fortune. Antoinette discovers that Arlington has been arrested
for her murder (framed by Antoinette's stepmother and her
scheming lawyer friend, who stand to gain her inheritance).
Antoinette returns to a luxurious lifestyle, but she is bored and
misses Billy, who drowns his loneliness with alcohol. Anton
arrives as well. Ants in Your Plants). Anxious about confronting
him and eager to impress him, she hires suave escort Nick Mercer
(Dermot Mulroney) to pose as her boyfriend. Anxious for her
granddaughter to settle down, Ida turns to the local marriage
broker (Sylvia Miles). Anxious that his wife Paula might become
jealous, he fibs that the account is with a "Mr. Anxious to
accommodate Dino but safeguard his marriage, Orville provokes an
argument with his wife that leads to Zelda fleeing in tears.
Anxious to find Henry, Toni convinces the Pembertons their town
is being quarantined, and the entire family travels to New York.
Anxious to put an end to their boss' obsession with his one-time
love, Steve Bottino and Gianluca Tempesti arrange for him to meet
veterinarian Marisa Costa at a dance for singles at the local
Italian club. Anxious to see the overconfident Steve humiliated,
Willie finds out what is holding up the match with the current
champion, Primo Carnera (playing himself), and pays $25,000 to
set it up. Anything that’s left of the prey is brought back for
the others to eat. Apart from all these enemies, the group will
suffer from the threats of evil stepmother who manipulated by the
pirate and corrupted by envy you feel the beauty of Caroline,
will put her to sleep a deep sleep. Apart from praying about the
situation and discussing it with Fr. Apollo and Irene were a
perfect couple, and were engaged to be married. Apollo sees this
as the perfect opportunity to pursue Irene again, and be able to
undo all the mistakes he made in the past, by offering Irene the
best memories she could ever have. Apparently Cecil Sykes, her
husband-to-be, is also reading a pamphlet. Apparently Darren is
afraid of his mother. Apparently mrs Cheveley stole it from his
cousin, Mary Berkshire, years ago. Apparently, Paula, a lawyer,
is always busy with work and never finds time for Raymond, while
Kimora has also refused to give Jay a blowjob. Apparently, before
leaving,C. Apparently, mrs Cheveley's dead mentor and lover,
Baron Arnheim, convinced the young Sir Robert to sell him a
Cabinet secret, a secret that suggested he buy stocks in the Suez
Canal three days before the British government announced its
purchase. Appearing in aS. Apply Acme Realty Co". Appointed to be
a federal judge, Marsha Meredith (Rosalind Russell) is questioned
by aS. April calls after a long absence and finds that Will has a
new job, but is despondent and depressed, feelings further
exacerbated when she reveals she has a new boyfriend named Kevin.
April does not let them into her apartment. April half-heartedly
congratulates him instead. April hugs Will and takes them in to
hear the story. April quits her job and leaves to travel around
the world. April's Shower begins with a group of people gathered
for a wedding shower for April. Aram is thrilled and looks
forward to raising a child with her. Aram reveals he has adopted
a young boy from Bangladesh and is still single. Archie also
arranges for the three other privates to acquire gorgeous
girlfriends as well. Archie and Bill opt for the latter, despite
the supposedly high casualty rate, so the other three do the
same, only to discover that Archie and Bill have gotten
themselves safe jobs at the base. Archie buys chips with $15,000
(half of his pension funds), planning to enjoy his escape from
medical worries. Archie convinces him to calm down and enjoy this
chance for some special father-son time. Archie dances with the
bachelorette, strippers, transvestites, then gives advice to Dean
on how he, too, can meet women properly. Archie exudes so much
self-confidence that Master Sergeant Stanley Erlenheim (Robert
Strauss) becomes convinced that he is an undercover G-2
(counterintelligence) general. Archie invites himself to spend a
week with Bill in Hollywood. Archie is revealed to have several
issues such as being an alcoholic, although he is almost three
years sober; suffering from diabetes; and having an estranged
daughter. Archie is surprised by a worried Ezra, who tracked
Archie's cell phone. Archie sees Cindy Hamilton (France Nuyen)
every night, while Bill pairs off with Peggy Kramer (Martha
Hyer). Archie, twice-divorced and recovering from a minor stroke,
lives with his overprotective son Ezra and his family in
Englewood, New Jersey. Architect Nick Dawkan's (Dylan McDermott)
boss Timo wants to buy and demolish the complex so his firm can
construct a modern condominium development in its place.
Architect Virginia Travis, unaware thatJ. Architects Oscar Novak
(Perry) and Peter Steinberg (Platt) have just landed a career-
making opportunity to design of a multimillion dollar cultural
center for wealthy businessman Charles Newman (McDermott). Ardita
feels sorry for him and follows him. Ari (Matthew Dyktynski), a
classics student and part-time gigolo. Ariel is stressed out
because of it and leaves John. Ariel stays in a broom closet
during the shift. Arielle and Valery have an agreement that each
is allowed to have extramarital affairs as long as they are
confined to the hours between 5 and 7m. Arielle later meets
Brian's parents, Sam (Frank Langella) and Arlene (Glenn Close).
Arielle says that, should he change his mind, she will continue
to smoke on Fridays at the same place they met. Arielle shows
Brian subtly that she still wears the ring he gave to her before
they part again. Ariel’s teacher finds out Lindsey and Ariel are
homeless and threatens to call child services. Arlene (Katherine
Heigl) and his teacher ms Stern (Aimee Graham) disparage Matthew,
asserting that women are more dominant than men are. Arlene beats
him at foosball. Armed with a guitar she goes in to find the
suicidal Belle lying in her bathtub with a razor in her hand.
Armed with a marriage license and two bottles of the formula,
they elope. Armed with her skills, Toula convinces her mother and
her Aunt Voula (Andrea Martin) to get Gus to allow her to work at
Voula's travel agency instead of the restaurant. Armed with
information that could prove Bill's innocence, the boys escape
from the reform school and go to the apartment of Dorothy Melton
(Ann Doran), the woman from the newsreel. Armed with this advice,
Izzy gains the advantage, and ultimately wins. Armed with this
information, Steve returns to Victoria and insists on applying
for admission. Armed with this knowledge, Patrick begins to win
Kat's interest. Armstrong's 31st Cavalry. Armstrong's manager,
played by James Gleason, tries to dissuade Armstrong from the
relationship. Army Specialist 5 (SP5) Tulsa McLean (Elvis
Presley) is a tank crewman with a singing career. Army major
general who has just been appointed chairman of the Joint Atomic
International Commission by the President of the United States.
Army soldier who has become a drifter and makes money by various
means, from pimping to guitar playing. Army, he quits out of his
resentment of his military past. Arnold Wingate, his manager,
persuades him to take a weekend off in the country. Arnold forces
Chris to stay on in Keetoosen a few days longer to fend off a
scandal. Around Thanksgiving Sarah calls Bob and they go to a
hotel and have sex. Around the same time, Andie and Ben go to the
company ball together where Ben's boss, Phillip (Robert Klein),
meets Andie and tells Ben that he "met her, she loves you, you
win". Around this time they meet Indraneel (Shayan Munshi, Neel
for short), who is the son of their boss mr Kapoor and is joining
the company. Around this time, singer Rihanna announces a
television special where all high school cheerleading squads can
compete, with the winners appearing in a music video with her and
winning new computers for their school. Arrested for indecent
exposure, she is bailed out by millionaire playboy Tod Newton
(Franchot Tone) who was attracted to her while slumming at the
theatre with his society pals. Arriving at his hotel Harvey
discovers that he is the only wedding guest booked in there.
Arriving at the Justice of the Peace, their wedding has to be
delayed as state law requires the couple to post banns of
marriage in the local newspaper for three days prior to the
wedding. Arriving at the door, she hears a loud noise like a
gunshot. Arriving at the luxurious penthouse apartment where
Delysia is staying, Miss Pettigrew quickly discovers the younger
woman is involved with three men: penniless and devoted pianist
Michael Pardue, who has just been released from prison; wealthy
and controlling Nick Calderelli, who owns the nightclub where she
is performing; and young theatre impresario Phil Goldman, who is
in a position to cast her in the lead role in a West End play.
Arriving at the site of the regional competitions, Izzy witnesses
as Mary and her teammates Shauna, Keisha, and a girl named
Yolanda who moved to Brooklyn from Atlanta, deal with trash talk
from the Dutch Dragons, the four-time regional champions.
Arriving at the university, Edvard orders Søren to keep his
identity a secret and to call him 'Eddie'. Arriving for an
assignation, he sees signs of a struggle and discovers that
Rochefort and Bonacieux, acting under the orders of the Cardinal,
have assaulted and imprisoned her. Arriving in Hell just minutes
before midnight, Adrian begins the process of taking over Hell by
pushing what remains of his father aside and sitting on the
throne, rising to Central Park, and starting a riotous party.
Arriving in Vegas, Billy and Paddy get into a heated argument
about Billy's failure to attend Sophie's funeral. Arriving in
Wyoming, Lydia only wants to have a good time and Sam is never
allowed to call her "Mom" (she wants him to call her "Lydia").
Arriving in a small Illinois town by train, Casanova Brown is met
by Madge Ferris and tells her not to bring up his trip to New
York. Arriving on campus, Mitch meets Chris and is disappointed
to learn that he is an irreverent slacker who spends his time
pulling elaborate high tech pranks. Arriving, they discover that
it is Peter, not Roger who is getting married and the pair nearly
ruin the ceremonies in their attempts to escape. Art Dodge
(Antonio Banderas), a former artist, is struggling to make ends
meet with his art gallery, ignoring bills and delaying to pay his
assistant Gloria (Joan Cusack) and his artist Manny (Gabino
Diego). Art barely escapes by hiding in the Rolls Royce of Betty
Kerner (Melanie Griffith), Gene's estranged two-time ex-wife and
wealthy heiress. Art decides to invent a fake twin brother Bart
(who wears glasses and has his hair down instead of wearing a
ponytail) who is allegedly a painter who just got back from
Italy. Art manages to convince her he is the one she had feelings
for, and the movie ends with the two happily walking in the
street, hand in hand. Arthur Bach (Dudley Moore) is still rich
and still drinks too much, but he and Linda (Liza Minnelli) are
now happily married. Arthur Blake advises Harold to "just write".
Arthur Ferguson Jones (Edward Robinson) and Wilhelmina "Bill"
Clark (Jean Arthur) work at the same advertising firm. Arthur and
Adrian eventually show up, but Sam is caught and taken into
custody. Arthur has to get Adrian, in his official capacity as
the local justice of the peace, to allow him to bail out their
fellow poacher. Arthur notes that Iris's relationship with Jasper
is not serving her well, and he suggests movies for her to watch
that include strong female characters, in hopes that she can
acquire what he calls "gumption". Arthur tries to sober up to
rise up to the occasion and find a job, knowing his financial
plight could ruin any chance he and Linda have of adopting a
baby. Artie becomes smitten with one of the attractive chorus
girls from the show, Ramona, a worldly young woman who provides
his sexual initiation. As "America's choice", Norton and Lauren
become the two finalists, despite Norton trying to sabotage her
own chances by changing her sweet and easy-going behavior while
on a trip with Banks. As "Momella Game Ltd". As Adams reaches to
embrace Gladys, she accidentally or intentionally spills a full
glass of champagne down the back his neck, breaking the spell. As
Andy leaves Melodie's house, Polly drives by with her cousin, who
coincidentally is the man who mistakenly thought that Andy stole
his car. As Andy's 20th date draws closer, his friends begin to
deal with the consequences of their lifestyles. As Anna recovers,
she finds that she cannot bear living with Karenin despite his
forgiveness and his attachment to Annie. As Barney leaves to
teach a safety class at school, they're accosted by Ernest Bass
standing on the base of the town flagpole, and who gives them a
cryptic rhyme: "Your hair was brown but now it's gray; make that
monster go away". As Basil crumples to the floor in pain, Manuel
drunkenly sits over him, saying "Mr Fawlty, I love you, I love
you. As Beauregard and Flame drive off to be married, Beauregard
reveals that he and Waters agreed to a backroom deal where he
would lose, but receive his own radio show, as well as Milady
Soap stock. As Beauregard continues to answer the questions,
Waters calls in "Flame" O'Neill (Celeste Holm) to try to weaken
Waters via seduction, to find a subject where his knowledge is
lacking. As Betty puts it, he’s “lost”. As Blake moves forward
with his business deal, he falls in love with the gym after
visiting it several times - he is immediately taken by the pretty
receptionist Mary Tate Farnsworth (Sally Field) and the free-
spirited, friendly bodybuilder Joe Santo (Schwarzenegger), who
aspires to win the mr Universe title. As Bob begins taking a lead
in the race, he loses control of the car when a front tire blows,
and the car plunges into a ditch and rolls over. As Bob consoles
Polly, Alysia breaks off the engagement, and Bob and Polly may
now marry. As Brad is examining the corpse, an unseen person
shoots him from the window. As Bruce looks around, he realizes
that automatically granting everyone's prayers has plunged the
city into chaos. As Buddy performs at the annual student dance
the formula starts to wear off. As Bulworth happily accepts a new
campaign for the presidency, he is suddenly shot in front of the
crowd of reporters and supporters by an agent of the insurance
company lobbyists, who were fearful of Bulworth's recent push for
single-payer health care. As Butt Massage Girl meets Anna, she
reveals her real name to be Brad, much to Ian's surprise. As
Charles watches Carrie and Hamish dance, Fiona deduces his
feelings about Carrie. As Charlie and Kevin drive away to their
honeymoon, the film ends as Viola and Ruby walk out of the
celebration. As Charlie drives down the road, Claire sees a young
man who looks exactly like her Lorenzo. As Christian narrates,
the film flashes back to one year earlier upon Christian's move
to the Montmartre district of Paris to become a writer among
members of the area's Bohemian movement. As Christmas approaches,
Kralik is preparing to finally meet his mystery correspondent for
a dinner date. As Claire and Grace join him, Frank tells everyone
to join him in singing "Put a Little Love in Your Heart", while
Lew and the other Ghosts, including Herman, look on, happy and
impressed. As Connie arrives, Jeff and Mary pretend to be a
couple, but Connie does not buy it. As Cry-Baby and Allison tell
each other about their orphan lives; Cry-Baby's father was sent
to the electric chair after being the "Alphabet Bomber" – a
killer who bombed places in alphabetical order and his mother
tried to stop him, but also got sent to the electric chair as a
result; Allison's parents took separate flights to avoid
orphaning her if they crashed, but both their planes went down.
As Cécile is about to enter the school where she works, Manise
tells her that Alain did not take the train to Paris and ventures
that he is probably in a hotel with someone else. As Darryl
struggles, Tim thinks that his friend is on heroin and gets
worried about him. As Dingle had foreseen, Connie's attraction to
Joe overcomes her prudence. As Dolly has fallen in love with
George's photograph, he is a somewhat privileged prisoner. As
Doris watches the princes resume their womanizing ways on board
ship, she realizes she misses Stephen. As Duke divides their
money, Chester is fed up with having to jump from town to town.
As Edith and George head back to their cars, they emotionally
part ways. As Ernest rushes out denouncing their "disgusting
three-sided erotic hotch-potch," Gilda, Otto and Leo fall
together on a sofa in gales of laughter. As Estelle comments on
the idea of their being trapped here forever and laughs too, all
three join in a prolonged fit of laughter before Joseph finally
concludes, "Eh bien, continuons" (roughly "Eh well, let's
continue. As Farnsworth, Joe repays all the investors, including
Miss Logan's father. As Frank and Michael mourn Gina's apparent
death in the back of her ambulance, it is revealed that her death
was faked as well, and that Vinnie and Gina were also involved
with the FBI as a back-up plan. As Frank encourages the cast and
crew to sing, Calvin speaks for the first time in five years,
reminding Frank of the final lines of the show "God bless us,
everyone". As Fred gets ready for "hypersleep" one last time,
Ulysses climbs into his "hypersleep chamber" once again, forcing
Fred to stay up for another eight months on the journey back
home. As Gary begins to suspect Sally, Gillian, Kylie and Antonia
create a potion to banish Gary; however, the girls realize he is
the one described in Sally's true love spell, and remove the
potion. As Gillian begins a relationship with Jimmy Angelov in
Orlando, Sally is devastated by her husband's death. As Gladys
pursues what is becoming a lucrative career, relations between
her and Pete become strained. As Graves is the patriarch of the
Stuarts, he would thus become King. As Guy dances with Aldys as
an alleged act of friendship, the mean girls attempt to dump dog
food over Aldys. As Halloween approaches, everyone gets ready for
the big party. As Handy is proposing to Sally, Monroe also
proposes to Grace. As Harley regains consciousness, he calls out
to Melinda, whose real name is Karen. As Harmony travels around
the country, trying to figure out what is missing from her life,
Elvis impersonators keep dying in her wake. As Head Female
Trainer and co-founder Lisa gets first pick of the new slaves,
and chooses Elliot Slater — with whom she shares an immediate and
undeniable chemistry that intensifies throughout their time
together, eventually resulting in love. As Higgins walks home, he
realizes he's grown attached to Eliza ("I've Grown Accustomed to
Her Face"). As Isabel and Bill amuse themselves with the details
of organizing her nuptials, Isabel is confident that she will
finally get some peace from the wedding obsessed crowd, and she
will also be making a statement for single women all over the
world. As Isolde is packing, Miss MacCracken returns to make an
inspection of the couples' first month with the baby. As Jack
storms out, he is introduced to Tracy, Helen's fiance. As Jake
tries to navigate the waters of his new home—while trying to
connect with his eccentric father—he meets Marina (Amber
Valletta), a famous model who is in town for a photo shoot; the
two quickly bond. As Jamison is being led out of the courtroom,
he snatches the bailiff's gun and shoots Charles in the back for
failing to get him acquitted. As Jeff, Arnau and the two
government agents watch, Kenneth activates the time machine and
it disappears, along with himself and Darius. As Jimmy gives his
best man speech, Doug stops it and reveals he and Gretchen aren't
married since "Bic" is not a licensed officiant. As Josie helps
her dress, Grace puts on the perfume she uses when she's seducing
a man and says to Josie, "For the last time". As Kate is loaded
into the car, Rusty lifts the blanket covering her and realizes
she had sex with Gus (perhaps while unconscious), which leaves
him in tears. As Kelly is leaving, Bart sees him and is furious
as he knew he was in the workshop. As Kevin answers, Minelli
takes Kimberly hostage. As Kim is living next to the mountains
she tries to teach herself to snowboard although she finds this
difficult. As King is about to perform public, ritual suicide,
Kneller reveals himself to be an undercover agent for the people
in charge. As Kneller confronts King, Zia discovers that his
Desiree is a devout cult follower, having committed suicide for
the purpose of following King into the afterlife. As Kristin is
preparing her wedding with Bill, Brittany and Kyle, Bill's two
children, order from Rudolpha's business, and unknowingly receive
Kristin's doll from when she was a little girl. As Kyle storms
into his room, Marc calls back. As Lambert is leaving, Iris's
father, Senator Mabby (Berton Churchill), tries to buy the statue
from him, but Lambert refuses to sell at any price. As Laura is
leaving, she finds Alexis, or rather Alexander, being charged
with fraud. As Lauren and Nick dance, their attraction increases,
and Nick leans in for a kiss, making Lauren aware she should
leave. As Lenora Frigid, a loose girl with a crush on Cry-Baby,
but constantly rejected by him, claims to be pregnant with his
child, Allison feels betrayed and returns to Baldwin and the
squares, though her grandmother advises her against rushing into
a decision. As Lisa and her bridesmaids arrive, Paddy pushes
Billy into the pool and tells Lisa that Billy is calling off the
wedding. As Marietta goes to use the restroom, Randy Lee James
(Henry Cavill) inquires about Melody. As Marty spent time with
Sally he also learns that his friend's adoptive parents are
strict and suspects that Sally is being physically abused by
them. As Matt and Hannah's friendship develops further, and after
becoming aggravated with Jenny's escalating jealousy, Matt ends
the relationship. As Maya passes through the doorway, April jumps
into Will's arms and kisses him. As McGurk and Sperry get on the
boat bound for Alaska, Duke and Chester prepare to part ways. As
Michael is closing the shop late one afternoon, a man named
Douglas (Olaf Hytten) takes out a large loan, using earrings worn
by his niece, Julie (Joan Fontaine), as a deposit. As Michele and
Duke's wedding day approaches, Jo's colleague dr Field takes her
to the lakeside lodge in an effort to cure her of her obsession
with Duke. As Morgan goes after the treasure, Shaw, who escaped
during the storm, steals the last piece from Dawg, who's on the
island. As Murdoch, Joe fires his old, crooked manager and hires
Corkle. As Newton and Gwen go into the house to have sex, the
final spoken words are of Newton saying "I love you, Gwen" and
Gwen replying, "Actually, it's Jessica". As Nick does so, he
befriends Sheeni and several other people who Nick knew before.
As Norton thinks she is falling for Banks, Doherty is feeding him
lines. As Omar takes center stage to address the Arab people,
Jack and Joan disrupt the ceremony while the Sufi battle Omar's
guards. As Orville is waited on by beautiful girls, he learns
from one of them, Mihirmah, the princess was supposed to marry
Kasim, but also tells Orville she loves him too. As Overbeck
prepares to be the first human to step on Mars, Fred slips from
the ladder and lands first. As Part Two begins, Lucy has returned
to Surrey, England to her family home, Windy Corner. As Paul
tries to protect Leah from the danger that looms from all sides,
romance blooms. As Penelope reaches the rocks below, Pepé
emerges, embracing her and offering to get her a glass of water.
As Pepé endlessly chases Penelope, the island is revealed to be
heart-shaped from birdseye view. As Pepé introduces himself,
Penelope scurries away. As Pepé runs as fast as he can, the cat
follows using Pepé's familiar hopping pace. As Pete is about to
tell Rosalee about moving to Richmond she is surprised—as much as
Pete is disappointed—by Tad's sudden arrival to get to know her
and have some of her goodness rub off on him. As Pierre is the
first to fall over, Ugo wins. As Pimm had hoped, Gump begs him to
bring the duke to a party he has arranged for Milly, confiding
that he hopes they fall in love and that his troublesome ward
will settle down. As Quincy writes, the letter becomes a "how to"
book on the correct way to end a relationship. As Quinn finishes,
his left eye is very red due to a medical problem he has
(Pingueculitis). As R begins eating him, he regains control and
stops, causing the soldier to reanimate as a zombie. As Rand is
getting ready to leave, Ryan's father drops by and quits as his
lawn maintenance man, and politely tells him off at the same
time. As Red Riding Hood, many tales have their stories changed
with the arrival of new visitors, looking for a way out of the
book and return home. As Reggie chases Scamp and Angel, they are
caught by the dogcatcher. As Rhonda and Muriel catch up, Muriel
invents a grandiose fantasy of a fiancé. As Richard leaves for
the bank job, the gigolo lays a very nervous Jane on the bed, but
she begins panicking and decides she no longer wants to go
through with it. As Rita Marlowe opens her television spectacular
for Stay-Put Lipstick, she is surprised by the appearance of the
show's "surprise" guest star of (and the first real love of her
life), George Schmidlap. As Robert and Celine drive away,
O'Reilly grabs the towbar and rides along. As Ruggles attempts to
adjust to his rough new community, he learns to live life on his
own terms, achieving a fulfilling independence as a result. As
Samantha remembers the lost memories of her past that she and Top
made promise to each other when they were just kids, a dog walks
through and lead her to Top at the beach. As Sarah looks at the
bottles, she realizes that Edy is really very ill and that that's
the reason he's getting those phone calls (the doctor). As Shaw
is captured and they make their way out to sea with the gold,
Morgan sneaks aboard the Morning Star and retakes it from Scully
and the mutineers. As Snug, Rad and Tony are riding back to
Tony's, they pass Roarer, whose tractor is stuck in the mud. As
Steve and Dan get ready to disembark, a steward overhears the
grim truth and, when Joan comes looking for Dan, tells her. As
Steve desperately hides all the women in two closets and keeps
Caroline from discovering Maria, George unexpectedly arrives. As
Tom leans in for a kiss, Julie turns her head colliding against
Tom's. As Tramp leaves, Buster removes Scamp's collar and
declares that Scamp is a Junkyard Dog. As Tramp leaves, he
reminds Lady that "when the baby moves in, the dog moves out". As
Troy goes onstage, he asks Sharpay why she switched the song, and
Sharpay is shocked to find that her brother tricked her. As Vada
holds him, she sings "Smile" to her new half-brother to calm him,
the same song she heard her mother singing in the home movies. As
Vada is about to return home, she and Nick share a final moment
at the airport, ending in a kiss. As Van Leemer goes upstairs
with his date, he unknowningly kicks a lit matchbook he had used
for light into a box of newspapers, setting them on fire. As
Victor prepares to drink the cup of poison to kill himself, Emily
stops him and reunites him with Victoria. As Viktor leaves,
seeing Amelia once more before taking a taxi, Dixon decides to
finally not pursue him further. As Vince and the groomsmen wait
for Jennifer, she tries to tell her father that it's all a hoax
and she can't go through with it. As Vinny is greeting Jamie with
his two boys and dog and having a great time with all, Stacy and
Melissa are at a distance standing together and looking toward
their two significant others. As Whit tries to justify his
behaviour, he blurts out his intentions to have Libby and Jake
move to Chicago with him. As Willie prepares to eat lunch, he
accidentally catches Mickey in his sandwich. As Zia waits, Eugene
and Nanuk arrive, explaining that Mikal has been returned to life
and Kneller's camp has been shut down. As a Christmas gift, Jeff
tries to please his wife by buying her a horse called Albert, but
her horse trainer Lance Gale, an old beau, insults Jeff about the
kind of horse he picked. As a clairvoyant, Marina awaits signs
from beyond that her true love, whoever he may be, is waiting for
her, somewhere. As a concierge gift, they receive a basket filled
with condoms. As a consequence of this premise, religion does not
exist. As a crooner, Kelly tries to sell enough mops, with a
radio show, to pull the kingdom out of bankruptcy, and win
Princess Tania, aka Catherine Bell, from their shipboard romance.
As a distraction, a tour of the farm is suggested, during which
Max takes every opportunity to sneak away to see the maid as she
performs chores such as milking the cow. As a finale, Rob's
brother, Cody, enters his bedroom to find an online film of him
putting a vacuum cleaner on his penis. As a former living person
from the 30's, Hubbie, gives Danny his advice. As a gesture of
gratitude, Charley sinks millions of dollars into a movie studio
where he intends to produce pictures featuring his wife. As a
gesture of remorse, he also gives a rose to Cadence, much to the
amazement of Jim and Michelle. As a gesture to their happy times
the two write letters to each other and bury them in a "time
capsule" under a particular tree on a mountain in the
countryside. As a going-away present, O’Malley has sent for
Fitzgibbon’s mother from Ireland. As a grand gesture, he makes a
public apology to Veronica at a benefit auction in a giant hall,
expressing his love and his desire to be with her for everybody
to hear. As a last resort, Cedric takes the guys to the club (the
same one the ladies are at) for amateur's night, dressing in
various costumes to try and win some money. As a last-ditch
effort, they have found a couples therapy resort named Eden. As a
man and woman driving across country give hitchhiking Will a ride
back home, Will tells them the story of how he fell in love with
Emma and how she was with him when his parents died in a train
accident when he was ten years old. As a married couple, they
return to the villa, which Maurice has turned into a hotel again,
which is now occupied by a group of nuns. As a matter of
practicality and kindness in making his passing as comfortable as
possible and reducing his agitation, she manually gratifies him
several times. As a miracle, Cindy is in her fancy dress again.
As a newly responsible father, he has become aware of how worried
the townspeople would be about what has happened to the six
abducted girls. As a part of her job, she must get to know the
android better, in order to "humanize" him for the benefit of the
project's sponsors in Congress. As a part of the lie, Wai-Tung
introduces Simon as his landlord. As a peace offering, David
offers to take Max to a nightclub to hear some of his favored
jazz music. As a result of Emilio supplanting Longfellow as the
heir, Deeds' sale of shares are retracted and Cedar is fired. As
a result of Gwen's affair with Hector (Hank Azaria), Eddie has an
emotional breakdown and is at a New Age retreat. As a result of
Thorndyke's shenanigans, Jim (with Carole and Tennessee as co-
drivers) limps home last with Herbie missing two wheels and
having to use a wagon wheel to get to the finish line. As a
result of her new appearance and Zack's interest, Laney is
nominated for Prom Queen and begins an uneasy battle with Taylor
for the crown. As a result of his actions Richard is sentenced to
community service, in the form of caring for Jane (Bonham-
Carter), an ill-tempered, wheelchair-bound woman who suffers from
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and has run off her previous
caretakers. As a result of his presence, both the Bulldogs and
pro football in general begin to prosper. As a result of the
article, Will loses his business and his dream of a political
career ends, with all of his friends abandoning him. As a result
of the combination of her personality and her family's
circumstances, Eva's level of involvement in her sisters' lives
causes a high level of tension between her and her sisters'
significant others (Mike, Tim, and Darrell, respectively). As a
result of their situation, Akpors recommends that they flee on
dropping from the taxi. As a result of this incident, Jay and
Silent Bob assault the mall's Easter Bunny, under the incorrect
assumption that he attacked Brodie. As a result of this
relationship, Heather and Rebecca ask Peter if they can practice
oral sex on him, so that he can tell them which of the two does
it better; so they do. As a result, Crick is unable to speak
without lisping. As a result, Dodd fires Quintain. As a result,
Duncan's reputation at school improves from his status as the
boyfriend of the President's daughter and Duncan's father is
promoted at work after his boss is allowed to meet the President
and play golf with him. As a result, Greg breaks up with Pam, and
Greg starts to leave. As a result, Harry misses the birthday
party that Helen and Dana had arranged for him. As a result, Jack
breaks off the engagement. As a result, Jamal's life goes
downhill: his endorsements drop him, he ends up bankrupt due to
lavish spending, his belongings are repossessed, his mansion is
foreclosed on, and his girlfriend Tina (Lil' Kim), who only put
up with his antics for his money and fame, walks out on him. As a
result, Taylor is further humiliated when she loses her
popularity and her friends. As a result, a group of distinguished
guests falls into the swimming pool. As a result, although
Danielle and Henry lived happily ever after, the point is that
they lived. As a result, he decides to quit the race. As a
result, he has to confess to himself that he has fallen in love
with her. As a result, she cannot disobey a direct order given to
her, though her mother Lady Eleanor and the family's cook Mandy
protect Ella throughout her childhood. As a result, she gets
drunk and admits to Alan she is in love with him. As a result,
the United States no longer recognizes Krakozhia as a sovereign
nation, and he is no longer permitted to either enter the country
or return home as he is now considered to be stateless. As a
result, the girls voluntarily go to work with him even when he
gives them the day off to help out. As a result, the trio are
arrested by Henry, but Parker convinces him to release them. As a
result, the wives manage to uncover information revealing that
Bill's mistress (Elizabeth Berkley) is actually a minor. As a
result, they become targets of contract killer Vincent (Michael
Kelly) and must enter the Witness Protection Program. As a
result, they kill the defence minister to avenge Rathod's death,
while Karan murders his father for his corrupt actions. As a
reward, Michael and Stephanie kiss for their new love for each
other. As a series of explosions tear through the building,
Millie dashes into the factory and finds several white girls tied
up and about to be sent off to Beijing. As a singer, Lizzie gains
a newfound confidence. As a street painter paints out a white
line in the middle of a road, Penelope is being chased by a dog
and runs right under the paint tank, getting a white line across
her spine whilst the dog crashes into the tank and painter. As a
surprise to Harrison, his name has also been entered into the
race. As a tribute to Hauptmann-Koenig, the Enchanted Peasant
Girl is being sent to Prince & Company for a window display. As a
way to persuade her boss, Geri (Kathy Najimy), to accept her as a
partner, Mary pursues and is hired by catering heiress, Fran
Donolly (Bridgette Wilson-Sampras) to plan her society wedding to
long term boyfriend 'Eddie. As a young woman, Julia had married
wealthy William Packett (Walter Pidgeon). As all CIA agents are
known to Brinkman's organization, the CIA uses the unknown Banks,
who is placed into the prep school of dr Connors' daughter
Natalie (Hilary Duff), the William Donovan Institute. As an act
of independence Angie moves out of the family home. As an
apology, he makes a touching documentary short about her for his
Human Studies project (with the song "Young Folks" included in
it) and she eventually forgives him. As at all the other weddings
he proposes to Lesbia Grantham, the bride's aunt, who refuses him
for the "tenth and last" time. As before, Pockets also comes in
drunk and again asks Sean "What is she doing in your bed. As both
Cobb and Ames are the best marksman in the regiment but
constantly boast of their prowess, Colonel Barkley seeks to find
an expert who can outshoot them. As children, this fails
miserably, but when the years pass and the two reach adulthood,
they do fall in love. As closing credits roll, Matthew, in voice-
over narration, says, "You only live once, but it does help if
you get to be young twice". As conversation ensues, they begin to
flirt. As cries for help are heard from afar, Jenny and Hannah,
who have become partners in crime-fighting, take off to tackle
the emergency. As d'Artagnan and Athos begin, Cardinal
Richelieu's guards appear and try to arrest d'Artagnan and the
three Musketeers for illegal dueling. As d'Artagnan prepares
himself for the first duel, he realizes that Athos' seconds are
Porthos and Aramis, who are astonished that the young Gascon
intends to duel them all. As described in a film magazine, Bab
(Clark) is in love with Adrian (Steele), an actor, and cuts his
picture out of a newspaper and worships it. As described in a
film magazine, Bab's father (Losee) decides to give her an
allowance of $1,000 per year with nothing extra. As described in
a film magazine, Barbara Archibald (Clark) objects to being
pushed into the background and, to give her family something to
think about, declares that she is in love and is about to be
married and end it all. As described in a film magazine, George
MacFarland (Reid) makes a bet with two of his friends that,
having committed a forgery, he will be able to elude the officers
of the law for one year. As described in a film magazine, George
Travelwell (Fairbanks), an American youth motoring in Morocco,
discovers that the governor of El Harib (Campeau) has seized a
young American woman for his harem. As described in a film
magazine, Kitty O'Brien (Normand), a seamstress in the factory of
Braddock & Co, in an effort to escape punishment from the foreman
she had mimicked, flees into the manager's office. As described
in a film magazine, Mary Barber (Daniels) returns to her
birthplace as Rita Rooke, an actress, and finds her former
sweetheart Willoughby Finch engaged and about to be married to a
Miss Farringdon (Woods). As described in a film magazine, Peggy
O'Hara (Clark) who with her widowed mother mrs O'Hara (Leighton)
is staying at the manor of Lord Anthony Crackenthorpe (Humphrey),
a scientist engrossed in the study of spiders. As described in a
film magazine, Richard (Kerry) and Paul (Ford), two business
partners, are about to shipwreck on the financial rocks when
Richard reminds Paul that his uncle could help them out as Paul
is his heir. As described in a film magazine, Richard Marshall
(Fairbanks), nicknamed The Mollycoddle by his friends, is the
descendant of hard-hitting, fearless western stock, and although
born in Arizona he has been raised since a child in England and
acquired English ways. As described in a film magazine, Robert
Ridgway (Barrymore) is in love with Agnes Colt (Meredith), but
her brother who is the guardian of her estate objects to Robert's
wild escapades. As described in a film magazine, Sylvia Weston
(Clark) is a capricious young woman who says "I do NOT" when she
leaves a rich groom at the altar. As described in a film
magazine, a forest ranger known only as Headin' South (Fairbanks)
goes forth in search of Spanish Joe (Campeau), a Mexican
responsible for most of the treachery and outlawry along theS. As
described in a film publication, Sylvester Tibble (Reid), a
country yokel, comes to New York City to work at his uncle Enoch
Jones's (Hatton) jug business for $6 per week and earns extra
money dancing at a jazz cabaret. As each of Andy's friends
arrive, more of the story is unfolded. As election day draws
close, criminals complicate matters. As everything is going
smoothly, they break up when one of Uğur's "totems" over a
football match results in a fight between him and Pınar's father.
As fate would have it, his company First Sergeant is Ed Cooper, a
former revenuer who had unsuccessfully attempted to locate and
destroy Snuffy's still. As fighter jets bomb the city, Deb and
Ryan kiss. As fighting rages in the castle, Tod retreats to his
lab with Marge and prepares to fire the laser at Earth. As
filming gets under way on a sound stage in Rome, World War II in
1939 escalates around them threatening the film's completion. As
for poor Ernie, it's up to him to run the business, which turns
him into the same dull, inattentive husband to Val that her first
one had been. As graduation gifts, valedictorian Cynthia presents
the girls with matching Bvlgari pearl necklaces. As he and Nat
exit the boardroom, she apologizes for their misjudgment of him,
and he says they should get better acquainted for the sake of the
account. As he and Sasha embrace, his collar vanishes, and he and
Itchy become ghosts again. As he anticipated, a burglar is inside
looking for the letter. As he does so he is contacted by Hannah
who has broken up with her cheating boyfriend, and after
confessing their feelings to one another, they end up in bed. As
he drowns his sorrows at a local bar, his girlfriend, Lily (KK.
As he eats they talk about Eve, but sensing her loneliness he
sweeps her into bed, then asks her to marry him and go with him
to Las Vegas. As he escorts Emma down the aisle, Pa Jones tells
her that Pete kidnapped the children and ran so they wouldn't be
sent back to France. As he gets an anesthetic shot from Georges'
nurse who turns out to be the lover that he took to the chalet,
looks out the window and sees Manise talking to dr Colinet in the
parking lot. As he goes back to his patrol car to report it,
Chucky causes the car to explode, killing Officer Norton in the
process, and Jesse and Jade flee the scene. As he had to leave
almost immediately, he gave Martha money to get an annulment or a
divorce. As he is about to announce the first place team,
however, the scene cuts to the gym, revealing that Rodney, a
couple of years after the event, was telling the story to a group
of kids, boxers in training. As he is about to drive for his cue,
Bart attacks him in the jeep and they make a mess of the set. As
he is applauded for having the courage to admit the truth, he
runs after Amy, only for her to punch both him and Newman and
storming out. As he is being taken away, Charley reassures Eadie
that she is the only woman he has ever loved. As he is leaving
her office, he realizes she is not coming after him, but she
surprises him on the elevator, showing him a bright red hair
style: she has found the middle ground and she wants to be with
him. As he is leaving the room, Basil hears loud moaning noises
from Alan and Jean's room and Polly hurries out, dressing herself
(she has been trying on a dress Jean made for her and the moaning
was because Jean had been massaging Alan's shoulders). As he is
leaving the station, Curt sees the man talking into the
microphone and hears the voice of The Wolfman, and realizes the
man is the actual DJ himself. As he is leaving, Nickie mentions a
painting that he had been working on when they originally met,
and that it was just given away at the art shop to a woman who
liked it but had no money. As he is walking away, a boxer
persuades him to stage a fake fight, promising to split the $50
prize money. As he leaves Charlie's establishment, the Kid
notices a street corner Santa Claus and his kettle. As he leaves
the bar, Tenley appears to tell him she's leaving for San
Francisco, where she tells him to let himself be great, before
hugging him goodbye. As he leaves the suite for work the next
morning, Logan barrels into a lady's maid in the corridor outside
the room. As he leaves, Jordan tells him that, while she loves
him, she does not need him. As he leaves, the Joy Jumpers enter
the gym and ask Izzy to join their team, stating that they needed
his skills, but he refuses because of what his friends might
think. As he makes eye contact with her, Dan, in voice-over,
tells the readers of his advice column that instead of merely
planning ahead in life, they should "plan to be surprised". As he
opens the door at an early morning pastry shop for Carol, he
realizes that he has stepped on a crack in the pavement, but
doesn't seem to mind. As he reads it, another prayer from Grace
arrives, this one wishing not to be in love with Bruce anymore.
As he reads through them, he finds a prayer from Grace, wishing
for Bruce's success and well being. As he realizes that he will
only win her affection if he turns himself into a cool rider,
Michael accepts payment from the T-Birds to write term papers for
them; he uses the cash to buy a motorcycle. As he refuses to
fight back, they beat him savagely until Omar returns and
intervenes, protecting Johnny as the punks trash the laundrette
and flee the scene. As he resigns himself to losing Caroline to
Bradley, Cecil offers him a ray of hope: she does not believe in
"Baxters" and thinks that his predicament is avoidable. As he
returns the yearbook to her, it is secretly swapped by her
despicable ex-boyfriend, Tim (Ty Olsson), who reads the
declaration aloud to everyone and humiliates Chris. As he rushes
out to catch his transport to the docks for the voyage home,
Danny discovers that Jamie is really the heir to a duke. As he
seeks to evade gangsters from a roller skating ring, he skates
out on the streets of Manhattan, where he realizes that Jackie's
affection for him has built up his self-esteem, and he dances
exuberantly on roller skates ("I Like Myself"). As he spends more
time with Darcy, he realizes he is attracted to her. As he spends
more time with the ghosts, he realizes that they are not scary at
all and even enjoys their company. As he steps into a taxi and
places the last signature into the can, he soon tells the driver,
"I am going home". As he storms out of the house, he is
confronted by the "Ghost of Girlfriends Present" in the form of
his assistant Melanie (Noureen DeWulf), the only constant female
figure in his life. As he struggles to stand up, he tells her
that he loves her more than anything and that she should marry
him. As he tries to invent the new color Siam Sunset, he wins a
prize, takes leave, and travels to Australia. As he tries to
leave the train, he notices a young woman running to board it. As
he tries to undress someone keeps knocking at his door, and he
believes it to be mrs Peignoir trying to seduce him again. As he
turns to leave, he finds himself staring at the girl through the
window. As he visits her in the hospital, he asks her if there is
anything he can do to make up with her, and Helena says she would
like to go to dinner with Boris. As he walks away, Juliet runs
after him to give him a quick, innocent kiss and runs back
inside. As he walks home in the rain, he realizes that he has
ruined his relationship with Judy. As he walks off stage the film
audience sees that he is actually a British man named Stanley
(Colin Firth). As he was trying to tell Winona the 'good news',
Winona was so happy and told him that she is not dying. As her
mother becomes more interested, Holly has to find a photo of this
admirer. As her sister kindles her own relationship, Alice
continues to pine after Josh. As her voice narrates her reading
of the email, she reveals the boundaries of the online
relationship; no specifics, including no names, career or class
information, or family connections. As his friends are very
thorough, he does not find it an easy matter getting around town.
As his memories are erased, he tries to evade the erasing effects
of the procedure by hiding Clementine in remote parts of his
subconscious. As his wedding gift, he presents the newlyweds with
a deed to a new home. As if the war not only changed the order of
social classes but also reversed the order of sexes in a very
rude way, he shows all the power of his major job. As in the
Decameron, ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague. As
is typical in a certain genre of romantic 19th-century and early
20th-century literature, each of the farm's inhabitants has some
long-festering emotional problem caused by ignorance, hatred, or
fear, and the farm is badly run. As it is technically on
privately owned land, the islanders claim it and celebrate their
'victory' by dancing around the site. As it turns out, Jesse
didn't want to stay in town and follow in his fathers footsteps
and ended signing up for the marines. As it turns out, the bank's
auditors have discovered that there is $75,000 missing. As mother
and son embrace for the first time in 45 years, the choir sings
“Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral”, as Father O’Malley quietly slips away
into the night. As much as she would like to, Hilary cannot bring
herself to leave her loving husband for the new man in her life.
As neither of them have that amount of money, they conclude that
Richard must rob a bank to secure the needed cash. As nervous as
Jessica is about dating Helen, she realizes after a surprise kiss
that a different experience can be good. As night falls, the duo
ditch the shopping cart to cross the river in a shortcut, but get
into yet another heated argument after they nearly drown. As one
of the Kappa Sorority's traditional rituals, the freshmen need to
find a date late at midnight. As part of her punishment for lying
and failing ms Norbury's class, she joins the Mathletes in the
state championship finals, and ends up winning the competition
for her team after her opponent answers incorrectly. As part of
that attempt, he plans to throw a gala in her honor. As payback,
Woody (in Nell's body) dresses in inappropriate and provocative
clothing the following day. As preadolescents, Quentin and Margo
discover the corpse of Robert Joyner, a divorced man who
committed suicide in the park. As proof, she shows Harold a
locket with the couple's wedding portrait and the engraved words
"to my wife" that Ronald had given her two years earlier. As
rehearsals begin Casey becomes increasingly dissatisfied with his
relationship with Zack, leading to Penny secretly rubbing Zack
with poison oak so he can not rehearse. As revenge, she pushes
Willy, who does not know how to swim, into the pool. As scenes
shift back and forth across the Cooper family members, their
memories also briefly appear on screen as younger versions of
themselves. As she and Moondoggie embrace and kiss on the couch,
Russ enters and expresses shock, then relief. As she and Sonia
watch from the rooftop that Ajay proposed to her on, they have a
vision of the boys running in the fields, singing happily and
victoriously throwing their shirts in the air, acting as if they
are celebrating life itself, as if the ebb of their once-there
vitality still reverberates in the places where they once used to
go, and a wave of melancholy comes over the two surviving women.
As she and her good friend (and director) Nick search for answers
and advice about love, Charlyne talks with friends, strangers,
scientists, bikers, romance novelists, and children. As she
attempts to wiggle free from Pepé's embrace, he makes comments
like, "it is love at sight first, no. As she bends over, the door
behind the step opens and a woman ushers Polly and the baby
inside. As she continues to offer Izzie advice on Dylan, Rosie
becomes smitten by Adam, who suggests they go out to a club
together. As she cries, Sam enters from the balcony. As she
descends the stairs she runs into Tom Hamilton, who accompanies
her to the party. As she eats, she breaks into uncontrollable
giggles, as does another patron. As she explains to Will, her
father hated how she acted when she was with her ex-boyfriend, so
after he got sick, she decided to change her image and be nicer
to "people like [Will]", meaning outcasts, hoping that this good
behavior would cause her dad to get well. As she flees, one of
her shoes slip off and is left behind. As she goes around, Hannah
then kisses Tom. As she goes to the room, Hearn and Tapper
arrive. As she is attempting to check out of the hotel, they
stumble into each other and finally meet, but Priya does not tell
him that she is Jennifer. As she is going to leave for home, her
father persuades her to stay and try and win the competition as
it would have been what her mother wanted. As she is led away,
Jack wants to marry Lee on the spot. As she is turned down, there
is a call to say that the current chalet girl broke her leg and
Kim is accepted for the job at the last minute. As she leaves for
lunch, Justine encounters Holden who brags about having stolen
the money and about his plans for them to escape. As she leaves
the office building, she drops an earring in the lift and a man
picks it up for her. As she leaves the studio, a police officer
gets into a conflict with a man, who shoots a bullet into the
air. As she plants a passionate kiss on Orville, Jeff decides to
stick around; a decision that almost brings him and Orville to
blows, but the princess invites Jeff to stay. As she points her
gun, Robert and Celine jump from the car, and it careens off a
cliff, with the money still inside. As she prepares to leave,
Calvin reveals that she is a product of his imagination and that
he can indeed control her, and is capable of making her do
anything he writes. As she prepares to return alonne to England,
the Major forces Gilchrist to admit to Ann that the relationship
between the Major and Ann's mother was platonic and never
romantic. As she pulls out Jonah's teddy bear from the backpack,
Sam and Jonah emerge from the elevator, and the three meet for
the first time. As she puts it, "Men aren't attentive to girls
who wear glasses". As she reaches Joe and Irving, the latter
presents her with an envelope with the photographs he had taken,
under the pretext of a generic memento of Rome. As she removes
her diving gear, she finds Pepé waiting for her. As she rides
back to the palace, she encounters the Stooges, and thanks to an
inadvertent wish they make on a magic sword (stolen from Count
Oga), she crashes her broom into a mountainside and falls to her
death. As she runs for help, her cloak falls off with the brooch
inside it. As she scurries away, Pepé grabs her tail and rides it
until he slams into a post. As she soaks in the beauty of the
island, she encounters a handsome young islander, Winston
Shakespeare, who is twenty years younger. As she starts to enter
the car, Lauren notices Daniel across the street, waiting to say
goodbye to her. As she steps into the moonlight, she transforms
into hundreds of butterflies, presumably finding peace, as Victor
and Victoria look on wrapped in each other's embrace. As she
stops by home to pick up her things, Annabel begs her to stay. As
she struggles to gently disengage without hurting her family,
announcing to her betrothed's family that she must develop as a
person, her once-future father in law calls her a rude name. As
she takes aim with a pistol, Elliot's nerves fail; his move
results in a minor head wound. As she takes control of her life,
Sara faces the challenge of discovering what she really wants, so
that she can make the best move of her life. As she tries to help
Delysia sort through her various affairs, Miss Pettigrew is swept
up into the world of high society. As she walks by, she sees
Michael Fitzsimmons — the artsy loner in school she always wished
she’d slept with - and goes in to talk to him. As she walks down
the aisle she begins to experience contractions and they continue
during the wedding ceremony. As she's leaving, Ted reveals the
wager to Sam, who agrees to loan him her panties to help him win.
As so often happens in the Punjabi culture, such a wedding means
that, for one of the few times in each generation, the extended
family comes together from all corners of the globe, including
India, Australia, Oman, and the United States, bringing its
emotional baggage along. As soon as Erik and his friends arrive
on campus, they witness an over-the-top drinking contest where
Dwight is crowned a campus champion. As soon as Joan becomes
aware of the truth, however, she gets even by throwing a party
with girls pretending to be prostitutes, whereupon the party is
promptly raided by the cops. As soon as Richards notices his
sudden disappearance, he searches for him. As soon as he arrives
at Illyria, Olivia confesses her feelings and kisses him. As soon
as he escapes and enters a forest, a day passes before his
idealistic assessment of his new living situation has been
emotionally shattered and he experiences some hard conditions. As
soon as her breakup happens, Lee's younger sister Betty turns up
and Kendall becomes infatuated with her instead. As soon as she
begins feeling the same way, Tom assures her that she might end
up married this very day. As soon as they are inside, however,
Julius turns himself in to police searching for them. As such,
while traveling by a circus train his natural instincts urge him
to break free. As summarised in a film publication, Georgette
Verlaine (Duke) is a favourite stage actress that dr John Longden
(Buckler), who is in love with her, persuades to recuperate in
the country as her life is ruining her health. As summarized in a
film publication, Ardita Farnam (Dana), wealthy and beautiful,
had a will of her own and a yacht. As summarized in a film
publication, a prologue, which explains where the author got her
idea for the story, shows Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. As
the "show's" credits roll, Michael's name is revealed as the
producer, implying that he has turned the failed relationship
into the subject of a new show on his network. As the Community
Center's grand opening approaches, along with the last days of
Anna's East Coast assignment, the relationships begin to mend,
first with Jake reconciling with Brian, followed by Anna
reconciling with Brian shortly after. As the Duke watches
Christian rehearsing with Satine, Nini, a jealous performer,
points out that the play is a metaphor for Christian, Satine and
the Duke. As the Home Coming King and Queen prepare to dance, an
upset Woody sees Nell and both confesses their love for each. As
the Italian atmosphere begins to affect them both and animosity
gives way to friendship, Bruno manages to get pictures of Wendell
and Pamela swimming naked as well, and tries to blackmail his way
to an American visa. As the Korean War breaks out, Eddie
announces on stage that he and Dixie will be performing for the
US troops there, without having told Dixie of his plans first. As
the Marines leave, one Marine remains and makes his way towards
the exit. As the Miller band concludes their feature the camera
pans left to reveal a railway station set. As the Pipeline
competition gets closer, she struggles to keep Penny under
control and deal with her own personal issues. As the affair
continues, Justine's marriage to Phil continues to deteriorate.
As the assistant personnel director of a large department store,
Millie is impressed by his independence and hands him her
business card. As the baby's birth approaches, nerves among the
parents and grandparents become frayed. As the band's popularity
soars, Jimmy grows frustrated that the group is not focused on
creating more music, while the remainder of the band enjoys their
time in the spotlight. As the bridemaids discusse their love
lives, one of them makes a remark about Jenny being emotionally
twisted beyond recognition by Connor to the point that she's
unable to move on to a new relationship. As the bus drives away,
they smile, then stop, looking uncertain. As the cabaret is
converted to a theater, Christian and Satine continue seeing each
other under the pretense of rehearsing Satine's lines. As the
campaigns progress, Cole and Harrison both become obsessed with
winning the race at all costs, although Harrison refuses to
resort to any cheating schemes, making Cole realize that in all
his years of running for elections this may be the hardest as he
is taking on an honest everyman. As the chairman, mr Chambers
(Walter Pidgeon) is trying to call the meeting to order, the
delegates are crowding to the windows in an effort to catch a
glimpse of Marlo when she arrives. As the charade continues, and
as Holly spends more time with Ben while picking his brain for
romance tips, she slowly begins to see qualities in Ben which
make her believe he is her mother's 'perfect man. As the class
progresses Frank is found to have a natural talent for dance that
surpasses Randall, who jealously slashes his tires in an attempt
to scare the baker off. As the couple dance, Maude tells Harold
that she "couldn't imagine a lovelier farewell". As the couple
waits for the rest of the party to arrive, Andy tells Liz the
story of how his friends Mickey and Ellen came to fall in love.
As the credits roll, there is a rapid succession of suggestions
for the name of the baby by numerous cameos including Roy
Orbison, Joanna Kerns, Magic Johnson, Ted Danson, Woody
Harrelson, Wil Wheaton, Belinda Carlisle and Kirstie Alley. As
the credits roll, they are seen chatting happily with each other
at a restaurant table with the lipstick marked paper between
them. As the criminals have sex in their room, Tiffany throws a
bottle at the mirrored ceiling. As the crowd and the lifeguard
applaud, Mike performs one more song and leaves with Margarita
and Raoul. As the crowd around them applauds, the film ends with
the camera panning away from the couple as they kiss. As the
crowd look on, the couple kiss. As the day ends and the party
begins events begin to unscramble in unexpected ways. As the day
progresses, Jennifer finds herself noticing how well Vince does
with the kids. As the day progresses, each discover a new secret
about their partner that they had previously been too embarrassed
to share, namely that Brad's real name is "Orlando", and Kate has
a fear of inflatable castles, stemming from being ostracized as a
child, and these discoveries put an intense strain on their
relationship. As the day wears on and Annabel has a series of
increasingly bizarre and frustrating adventures, she becomes
gradually more appreciative of how difficult her mother's life
is, and learns, to her surprise, that Ben idolizes her, and Boris
is actually named Morris, but has a problem with chronic
congestion (at least around Annabel) leading him to nasally
pronounce ms and ns as bs and ds. As the days go by, Laida is
very distant from her old friends. As the days pass, Maggie
develops bedsores and undergoes an amputation for an infected
leg. As the duo talk about their heartbreaking experiences over
lunch, they notice a Taiwanese couple arguing over a red couch
that is delivered on their doorstep. As the end credits begin to
roll, we see the wedding reception, where Peter and Sydney join
the hired band (played by OK Go) in a rendition of the Rush song
"Limelight" pulling Zooey on stage to join them. As the end-
credits roll, Jason is on stage in Winnipeg, unhappily dedicating
a song to his wife, Alexis, who is standing at his side. As the
family members are reunited, and Vronsky sees Anna for the first
time, a railway worker accidentally falls in front of a train and
is killed. As the family sits down to eat, joined by Lou, Erica
arrives and tearfully asks if there is a place for her. As the
film closes, the entire cast sings "Holly Holy". As the film
continues and the stories evolve, the connections between the
characters become evident. As the film develops, they come to
realize their mistakes and eventually reach their happy endings.
As the film ends, the characters' fates are revealed:. As the
film ends, the graduates run across the field, the curtain falls,
and they appear on the East High stage. As the film progresses
the story moves back and forth through the timeline of Steve's
childhood, the accident scene, and the aftermath of Frank's first
Lindy hop. As the four friends struggle to find their place in
the competitive Nashville music scene, both Kyle and James
display a romantic interest in Miranda, but she is drawn to James
in spite of his moody temperament. As the girls wonder what Tad
Hamilton—the star of the film—is doing at that moment, their
prediction of praying is proven false as the scene cuts to
Tad—described in the next scene by his agent—"drinking, driving,
smoking, leering, and groping all at the same time". As the
graduates take a commemorative picture of the four of them
(presumably for the last time), Cynthia makes Annie, Brenda and
Elise promise that they will always be there for each other
throughout the remainder of their lives. As the guys pack up to
leave, Billy comes to terms with his age and admits his fear of
getting old and being alone. As the interview with the princess
comes to an end and she reluctantly leaves, the crowd of
journalists and reporters eventually disperses, and Joe walks
away alone. As the investigator inspects Tiffany, she gives birth
to a baby doll before finally dying. As the judge is about to
render his verdict, Janie's father (Charles Coburn) makes a
suggestion. As the judge sits in his study, Andy comes in and
tells him about the misunderstanding that led to the auto theft
problem. As the junket begins, Eddie and Gwen are forced together
as well as Kiki and Hector. As the kids mingle, Gidget's parents
and Abby's parents Monty (Eddie Foy Jr) and Mitzi (Peggy Cass)
are enjoying each other's company. As the landlord of a
Californian apartment block, he only rents rooms to gorgeous
single women at just $75 a month. As the money is released,
Minelli's henchmen storm the bank and take the mayor hostage,
threatening to detonate explosives. As the months pass, both Jake
and Anna's feelings for each other become stronger but due to the
aforementioned issues, Jake still refuses the relationship as a
serious one, despite Anna dropping hints to him about her having
been recently taking a class (but refusing to tell him what kind
of class it is), and her becoming visibly upset when they run
into members of Jake's congregation while on a date and Jake
introducing her only as "my old friend Anna". As the movie
concludes, Justine is still employed at Retail Rodeo. As the
movie ends, the Junkyard Dogs can be seen with owners of their
own. As the newbie, she is hazed by her slacker boss, Willy (Bill
Hader) and her other co-workers by being given the most
unpleasant jobs. As the night goes on, she becomes drunk. As the
night of the show arrives, the group do their final rehearsals.
As the night unfolds he is confronted at her house by her parents
again, with her father demanding the two to break up. As the
novel begins in the time between Christmas and New Year's,
Charles, several days short of his 27th birthday, is dealing with
his mentally ill mother's recent hospitalization. As the opening
credits roll, a band called Flux, apparently with no singer,
starts to play at a nightclub. As the other members of the gang
are walking down the street, they see, what they call, the "Blood
Red Van" and hide. As the pair discuss their respective spouses
with withering scorn, they realise that all four are married to
the wrong person. As the party gets going, Osh exclaims that
things always work out in the end. As the performance finishes,
Scott and Fran kiss, the competition forgotten, as it was never
about winning or losing. As the plane is taking off, he sees
Lindsey and Ariel sitting across the aisle. As the plane takes
off, Curt, gazing out of the window, sees the white Ford
Thunderbird belonging to the mysterious blonde driving down a
country road. As the police arrive to arrestS. As the police
chase them, they rush to the pier with the goal of departing on
the cruise to Cuba together. As the police find the thugs, they
escape onstage and reveal Chester hiding under the table with the
crowd's money. As the preacher speaks, he talks about why two
people get married, and when he mentions, "Some just want all the
gifts," the two look at each other and laugh nervously while the
rest of the congregation is laughing. As the prince recovers, he
realizes that his memory has returned, and so he knows that he is
indeed a Prince, and that Snow White is the princess he was
destined to marry. As the racers leave Pottsdorf (with Maggie now
back in Leslie's car), it becomes a straight road race to Paris.
As the relationship evolves, Mark dies from a cerebral hemorrhage
while calling Anna. As the relationship heats up, Paige and Sasha
have to learn how to work Tim into their friendship. As the
romantic tension between them grows, they kiss repeatedly. As the
ship returns to New York City, they agree to reunite at the top
of the Empire State Building in six months' time, if they have
succeeded in ending their relationships and starting new careers.
As the show gets bigger, the two convince the club owner, Stanley
(Ian Gomez), to convert it into a full dinner theater, and
eventually their popularity threatens to expose them. As the
storm builds, Jenny gets stuck in the car Ryan had abandoned to
look for her, when Ryan returns just in time to save her as the
car is about to slide over a muddy embankment. As the story
develops, Amelia learns that life in the islands is not as she
expected, and neither is Donovan, who proves to be educated and
intelligent, and the owner of a substantial local shipping
operation. As the story ends, James moves to his own apartment.
As the story ends, Mitty imagines himself facing a firing squad,
"inscrutable to the last". As the story progresses, Darryl asks
his friend Tim to help him study for the next day's interview. As
the story returns to the initial scene, the Wolfmeyers and Denny,
now part of the family, leave Grey's funeral to reveal that
Terry, while saddened and grieving, is coming to terms with her
own and her daughters' life choices and, finally, finding some
inner peace. As the story unfolds he realises it may be time to
move on and put behind him the ghost of 1950s and 1960s singer
Alma Cogan, who performed at the theatre many years ago. As the
story unfolds, Christel is accused of an assassination attempt
and finally condemned. As the summer progresses, Brandy has
several sexual encounters with Cameron and other boys, all while
trying to catch Rusty's eye. As the summer winds to a close, Judy
arranges for Juan Antonio and Vicky to meet at a party. As the
ten days tick down and pressure mounts on Mickler to support the
youth's indefinite confinement, finding reality within the
romantic imagination becomes Jack's last professional challenge.
As the three make their escape, Henry demands Joe stop the car.
As the thugs enter behind them, Duke and Chester realize they
have found the Van Hoyden map and the occupants are the killers.
As the train is speeding away he confesses his love for her and
they both ride the train to Portland. As the train leaves, he
stumbles, injuring his back. As the two are fishing, a Yemeni
radical attempts to assassinate the sheikh, who is saved by
Alfred casting his fishing line towards the assassin. As the two
embrace, Joy says that she quit her job and has no idea what
she's going to do. As the two joke about eating one another to
survive, they spot land in the distance. As the two lie in bed,
Penny expresses her fear of the end being so near. As the two men
own adjoining places, they believe that the best thing for the
younger people to do is to get married. As the two of them kiss
and exchange "I love you"'s, the bound and gagged Afir gives them
a muffled reminder about the Death Ray, and they manage to shut
it off as the countdown makes it half-way to zero. As the two
reach the Idaho airport and are waiting for an eastbound plane,
Mason has just himself arrived. As the two sisters explore the
dusty building, they discover that Billy Kipp (Jimmy Durante), an
old vaudeville performer they knew as kids, has been squatting
there ever since his wife left him and took their infant son many
years ago. As the two stare at each other, the screen cuts to
black. As the two try to keep from being seen and watch the show
from backstage, they finally kiss. As the video is showing her
ruining Will's basketball game; Will unplugs the video projector
before the video is complete and walks out, furious. As the war
winds down, requirements change and the trainees are given the
choice of retraining to become either gunners or glider pilots.
As the wedding date approaches and the preparations escalate,
Isabel knows that she must let Colin know about her wedding
plans. As the week progresses, Jack's affair with Stephanie
continues, to the point where he believes he's falling in love
with her; he bonds with her daughter and makes the suggestion to
Miles that they move there for him to be closer to Stephanie. As
the weeks go by, Justine and Holden start to bring out the best
in each other. As their baby is the first born in the New Year, a
news crew comes to congratulate them—once again revealing them,
and their new baby, to the whole city, and their families. As
their departure date to Nigeria draws nearer, they make
additional tours in the country and take photographs. As their
flight home approaches New York, Connie tells Nick that she has
indeed slept with Russell. As their journey continues, with the
help of an announcer and a montage, Chuck and 'Fearless' both vie
for Donna's attention. As their rehearsals progress, Fran grows
more attractive and self-confident. As their relationship
develops on camera, her pursuit to discover the nature of love
takes on a fresh new urgency. As their relationship progresses,
Gabe begins to question what is happening to him and why he is
falling in love with Rosemary. As their ship returns to the US
after a long voyage, they see all the other sailors being
mistreated by their wives and girlfriends, and the two friends
pledge never to get involved with women again. As their target
fancies herself a race car driver, Pimm recruits John Lathrop
Davis (Glenn Ford), a (retired) champion many times over, to
teach Gaspard to drive. As their wedding date draws near, Sadie
and Ben must now follow all of Reverend Frank's rules, attend his
unusual classes, and complete a series of homework assignments
designed specifically to irritate one another — in order to get
past puppy love and ensure that their union will have a sound
foundation. As there are no rooms available, Steele talks her way
into sharing a suite with Everard Logan (Laurence Olivier), a
handsome but somewhat stiff lawyer. As they are about to leave,
Manise tells Cécile that he is in love with her. As they are all
already dead, this attack does nothing and Inès even
halfheartedly stabs herself, beginning to laugh. As they are
leaving, Bloom recalls what Stephen had said earlier, "The
perfect con is one where everyone involved gets just the thing
they wanted"—and that perhaps his brother really pulled off the
perfect con. As they are settling into country life, Speed
arrives, but is unable to persuade Glory to return. As they are
transporting her away, Walter springs her out of jail and
explains that it was Inga who did it. As they are traveling home,
Julia kisses Monty and asks him to spend the night. As they are
trying to lock the terrace doors, Aslam and Pandey are then
killed by a grenade and the once archenemies die holding hands
and smiling, as they have visions of Ram Prasad Bismil and
Ashfaqullah Khan. As they argue, the statue casts a spell upon
them — causing them to wake up in each other's bodies the next
morning. As they arrive to their reunion, they discover they are
the most famous ones there. As they become closer, their
friendship soon blossoms into a romance and Harold announces that
he will marry Maude, resulting in disgusted outbursts from his
family, psychiatrist, and priest. As they bid a solemn goodbye,
and picking each other's pocket, Duke steals the money. As they
bond, it becomes clear that Brendan's curiosity towards Leo
starts to grow in a sexual escalade. As they brace themselves for
a marathon of homecomings, Brad and Kate expect the worst, but
are nevertheless unable to prepare themselves enough for what
they get. As they cook, the fish return to the village waters and
Yemanja returns Isabella's original offering along with her love
for Toninho. As they cross the street, Riley and his gang tell
them that they did a great job rescuing the boy and kitten and
say they can stay with him until they find Chance. As they cruise
the Mediterranean, Fred's sea-sickness keeps him in bed. As they
dance together in the laundrette, Omar and Johnny make love in
the back room, narrowly escaping discovery. As they dance, Gabe
muses that he and Rosemary were on different paths — "like two
ships that passed in Sheep Meadow". As they deliberate on what to
do next, the Boneys attack. As they do so, they witness the
illegal casino, which Parks had handed over to his partner, being
pulled over by police and the operators arrested. As they drive
away, Celine explains that she only agreed to Elliott's request
so that he would help Robert – and, in any case, it's none of
Robert's business, since he and Celine aren't "involved,"
whatever he might think. As they drive off, Mauricio meets a
woman who loves dogs and the two walk off together as he wags his
"tail". As they drive to the chalet Alain again drops asleep and
drives off the road while drawing conclusions on the "plot"
against his life, he finally wakes up and steps out of the car,
he changes his will again: Claire gets her inheritance back. As
they drive to the game in Henry's car, Eddie asks Henry to stop
at an ATM. As they encounter many obstacles throughout the night,
both their fathers search for them through the city, resulting in
their arrest for a traffic violation when a traffic cop fails to
recognize the President. As they enter the lobby, Marlo, now Lady
Barrington, and her husband, a knight, are swarmed by admirers
and reporters. As they fall into Tom's bed, Ruth calls Tom
finding out that Julie is in the room with him. As they get
nearer to their destination, Ben starts to wonder if he's making
the right choice in getting married to Bridget, or if he should
just let fate pair him with Sarah, who reveals that she is
separated from her son who lives in Savannah. As they get to know
each other more and as their encounters become more intimate,
they begin to ask themselves if what they feel for each other is
for real. As they get to know each other, Kevin begins to think
that Jane is not as one-dimensional as he thought and asks his
editor to hold his article so he can "fix" it. As they go through
several adventures together, Ellie loses her initial disdain for
him and begins to fall in love. As they go to leave, Sherman
takes a look at a fountain in the lobby of the building and
remarks that it is "pretty". As they grow closer together, Grace
is reluctant to tell Bob about her medical history. As they grow
older, Milly settles down and marries her rocker boyfriend Kit
while Jess becomes an environmentalist and marries her long-time
boyfriend Jago. As they hitch to California, they overcome issues
with transportation, weather, lack of food, lack of money (caused
by Alison leaving her wallet behind) and sleeping arrangements,
while at the same time developing genuine feelings for one
another. As they hug and part ways Veda comes out of the elevator
and sees them hugging. As they kiss on the bed, Chloe's colleague
Alexandra joins them and Chloe finds herself in an awkward
threesome. As they leave the doctor, a fight breaks out between
Aram and Sandy, with the latter confirming that she thinks it's
ludicrous that the two of them, with an age difference of 15
years, would ever be happy together. As they leave the mansion,
however, a South American collector who had enthusiastically
admired Charles' new Van Gogh at the start of the film pulls up
in a car and is warmly welcomed by the old forger. As they leave
the meeting, Emilio thanks Deeds for his support and offers him a
billion dollars, some of which Deeds spends on red Corvettes for
everyone in Mandrake Falls. As they leave they justify their
behavior to each other reassuring themselves that they have not
been taken for another ride. As they leave, Claire asks Vincent
to follow them, Manise notices it and beats Vincent, thinking he
is one of a drug dealer's thugs who have been following him. As
they leave, Cécile notices that her car is gone but asks Manise
not the release a police notice on it, she assumes that her
daughter took it. As they leave, Jimmy has an idea. As they
leave, the friends all embrace Lance. As they leave, they freeze
the entrance to Hell, preventing more souls from entering and
causing Satan's body to begin decomposing. As they make a hasty
exit, Sal learns she gave half of the map to Ace. As they part,
Oscar kisses her hand, and dubs her Sweet Charity ("Sweet
Charity"). As they pass through a small town, Rosie falls in love
with Billy Lowe (John Darrow), and pleads with Dockweiler to
leave the carnival life and settle down. As they return to the
gang's hideout they see Delilah and Chance already there. As they
return to their separate lives, each speculates with their cab
driver on the future and the difficulty of being happy. As they
share a cozy ride in a carriage, Michael makes overtures to
having feelings for Julie. As they sit on the beach, Orville
reminds Jeff of his promise to Aunt Lucy, to take care of him. As
they slowly stroll away along the South Bank, Harvey invites Kate
to ask him the questions she would have asked him at the airport
terminal, and this time, he happily answers, telling her his
place of residence ". As they spend more time together though,
her initial dislike turns into love. As they spend time together,
Jean discovers that the men are living with a dark secret. As
they spend time together, Molly watches Henry make complicated
business deals, often in partnership with his Texan cronies, Jay
Ray (Chill Wills), Ray Jay (Phil Harris), andR. As they spend
time together, she begins to respond to his decidedly
unconventional charms. As they stop to look over the River Arno
before making their way back to the hotel, they have an intimate
conversation. As they stroll along the South Bank River Thames,
Harvey mentions he is missing Susan's wedding reception, and Kate
urges him to go. As they talk, enters Vincent, Claire's boyfriend
and an employee of Alain's who is back home due to a working
accident, but Alain does not believe him since the prescription
is signed by dr Georges Colinet, thus Vincent is in the plot too.
As they try to find their way to the resort, the men end up
arguing and pointing out each others' marriage mistakes. As they
walk along The Strip, Billy tells Diana that Paddy gave Sophie an
ultimatum to choose either Billy or him and she secretly chose
Billy first, but Billy told Sophie that she was meant to be with
Paddy. As they walk away, April runs out and asks about the
story. As they walk together later that night, Sophie asks him if
he has felt any feelings for her "as a woman". As they walk
towards Greek school, it is revealed that their home is next door
to that of Toula's parents. As they walk under the Manhattan
Bridge to the church, the faint cries of the next person to be
stuck in the elevator are heard. As they watch, Julie has an
epiphany: the plague started because the human race crushed
itself beneath the weight of its sins until it released a dark
force that changed the humans so that everyone could see their
evil. As this memory disintegrates around them, she tells him,
"Meet me in Montauk". As this scenario unfolds, Ceghe becomes
aware of a lucrative opportunity to sell a valuable item
possessed by guests of the hotel run by his parents. As time and
the pressure from everyone around her to break it off with Kyle
pushes Jackie to her breaking point, it will only take her beau
Kyle to teach her how to cope before life passes her by. As time
goes by, Bill comes to suspect that Cindy is a Japanese spy, but
he cannot get Archie to take it seriously (even though Cindy
keeps giving him money in outsized old bills). As time goes by,
William's love for Julia revives. As time goes on, Mike falls in
love with Freddie, but is unsure how she feels about him. As time
goes on, Peter gives in to his strong attraction to Joan. As time
goes on, however, he begins to come around to Spiggins'
viewpoint. As time goes on, it becomes clear that Jimmy has come
to rely on Edgar's housework and cooking, as well as his
friendship. As time passes, Phoebe grows close to Frazer as he
enjoys listening to her advice and looks up to and respects her
while at the same time teaching her to have fun and relax. As
time passes, however, she becomes convinced the ideal man doesn't
exist. As time passes, mr Bingley and Jane become more acquainted
with one another. As two of the top divorce lawyers in New York,
Audrey and Daniel are a study in opposites. As years pass, Tom
becomes increasingly disillusioned with his life, which becomes
evident to Violet when she sees him eat a stale donut. Asa
directs community theater in Michigan. Aschenputtel requests her
aid by praying at her grave, on which a tree is growing. Ashamed
of her own modest home, Joan invites him to the lavish apartment
of one of her clients, pretending it is hers. Ashamed, Quinn
leaves and returns to his home alone. Asher and Amy catch them
and Asher assumes they're secretly dating. Ashley and Lube are in
another lift, where Lube falls out when trying to go for help.
Ashley leads him into a changing room, takes off her bra and top,
and makes him steal a bra for her. Ashley overhears and spins
around to talk to him. Ashley persists, but then Henry discovers
the fraud with the diary and breaks off the relationship.
Ashley's friend is impressed with his promise and tells Lube to
meet her upstairs, but when she finds an offensive text on his
phone she storms out. Aside from Lina's comment that she prefers
just "screwing," the sexually charged plot is underscored by a
number of other instances of openly sexual comments and humor.
Aside, Jackson confesses his fears that the two are not in love
yet. Asked if they will get married, the landlord says, "I
arranged it". Asked on a date, Dodie is thrilled until she learns
that the man isn't Neal at all but his poor mechanic, Pete.
Asking at one point whether his son is in bed with a woman, Max
adds: "Anybody you know. Asking time to sleep on a decision,
Dodie tells them the next morning that she has made her choice:
Neil. Aspiring kickboxer Lloyd Dobler falls for valedictorian
Diane Court at their high school graduation ceremony. Aspiring
writer Lester Grimm (Stoltz) starts going out with Ramona Ray
(Sciorra) after being introduced by Lester's friend Vince (Carlos
Jacott) and Vince's fiancee Lucretia (Marianne Jean-Baptiste).
Assuming he is also a job hunter, she asks Jim to pose as her
husband so they can apply for a combined job opening for a butler
and a cook. Assuming that his screenwriting career is over before
it began, Harold goes back to driving the tour bus. Assuming the
worst, Rosemary leaves in tears. Assuring her that she will be
great, Peyton kisses her. Astrid Leong, Nick's cousin, the
subject of Singapore society coverage, also known as "The
Goddess", seems to have it all: good breeding, astonishing
beauty, massive wealth, great fashion sense, complete with a
couture collection that rivals the Sheika of Qatar's, and an
attractive ex-army husband. Astrid discovers disturbing signs of
a possible secret mistress as she comes to understand her
husband's insecurity about his own success compared to her vast
wealth. At 18, she meets womanizer Steve DeCunzo (Loren Dean),
moves in with him and winds up pregnant. At 30 years old, Opie
(James Ricardo) is a virgin whose existence is made up of
watching pornography and eating junk food. At 3:00 am, Melsa
(Barbara Stanwyck) takes her little dogs for a walk. At 3:00 am,
Monty's daughters arrive at his house and inform him that Joe has
abused them, proving it by revealing that China's back is
bruised. At 8, she and Joe are ready to leave, but her noisy
teenage neighbor seeks her advice and delays her until Pendergast
arrives. At Abernathy's funeral, Tom's vague and impersonal
eulogy confuses the Abernathy family and amuses Tom's friends. At
Aunt Lucille's, Tom sees that Ruth had overheard him talking to
Julie about their date later that evening. At Aunt Sally's
funeral, Shirley Caesar makes a cameo appearance as a character
who was an old friend of Sally and sings at the funeral. At Beth
and Tucker's wedding, Celeste makes a toast. At Brad's bachelor
party, Tom makes a scene at the strip club telling Brad not to
marry Lauren. At Brad's wedding, Tom patches his friendship with
Brad approving of his marriage to Lauren, as Scott and Cynthia
appear to talk civilly together hinting of reconciliation. At
Brooke's insistence, Nick goes back to speak to Hannah to see if
he still has a shot with her. At Bud's apartment, Fran confronts
Sheldrake, upset with herself for believing his lies. At Caroline
and Eliot's wedding, Bradley crashes the ceremony and declares
his love for Caroline—a split second after Eliot has started his
own objection—and Bradley and Caroline live happily ever after,
according to Eliot. At Chicago O'Hare International Airport, a
group of Marines have just returned to the US from Iraq. At
Coakley's house, Rick is approached by Brent, who is angry at
Rick for going out with Leigh. At Coney Island Amusement Park
they become trapped again when the Parachute Jump ride breaks. At
Custer University, Ray Blent (Anthony Perkins) is an honor
student and college basketball star. At Dave's son's birthday
party, Jason and Cynthia, using PowerPoint, announce their
troubled marriage and they are considering divorce because they
cannot have a baby. At Deborah's house, Lou confronts Elizabeth
about the letter, Deborah Ann overhears him reading the words and
tearfully reprimands him, revealing the letter is hers. At
Gareth's funeral, his partner Matthew recites the poem "Funeral
Blues" by Auden, commemorating his relationship with Gareth. At
Harley's, Judith is outraged by his treatment of her mother and
after a heated argument, Harley begins to beat her, after she
attempts to leave. At Hope House, Alex gives in to her growing
attraction to Grace and they kiss passionately in a supply room.
At Jack's urging, Kirk admits the true reasons for his leaving,
and their relationship resumes. At John's birthday party, the
tape the girls made of John's destruction is played, and Kate
reveals the entire plot as John stares in disbelief, seemingly
hurt. At Joy's job retreat, Jack and Joy find themselves
developing an unexpected attraction to one another, and they soon
realize that being with each other has brought out the best in
both of them. At Katie’s wedding, Chuck becomes enamored with Cam
Wexler (Jessica Alba), a clumsy, yet attractive and friendly
marine biologist. At Lady Eleanor's funeral, Ella meets and
befriends Charmont (Char), the Prince of Kyrria. At Middlebury
College in 1969, four young friends, Annie MacDuggan, Elise
Elliot, Brenda Morelli, and Cynthia Swann, are graduating. At
Molly's mother's wedding, Josh gives Molly his grandmother's
ring. At Montgomery Advertising in New York City, Duke Crawford
(Robert Cummings) is having trouble handling the account of
cosmetics manufacturer Michele Bennett (Anna Sten), one of the
company's most important clients—and his former fiancée. At
Muriel's elaborate wedding, her former friend group serve as the
bridesmaids, while Rhonda bound to her wheelchair is relegated to
being a guest. At Nasser's, Omar meets a few other members of the
Pakistani community: Tania, Nasser's daughter and possibly a
future bride; and Salim, who trafficks drugs and hires him to
deliver them from the airport. At Nick's car, Marty who is
experiencing a hangover expressed ill-feelings to Nick who viewed
Marty as ungrateful. At Paul's graduation-day barbecue, he has a
fight with Simon, who, in the heat of it, grounds his son. At
Pemberley she encounters Darcy, who repels a horde of zombies. At
Pendleton High, Top humiliates Samantha in front of everyone for
being present at their basketball game. At Perry's invitation,
the two attend an exhibit by photographer Rex Webster, who tries
to poach Gabriel as a model (and potential trick). At Richard's
residence, Kimberly decides to pick the Skype video call. At
Ryan's father's mansion, the two meet Chaz, Ryan's brother, who
quizzes them on whether they are zombies before allowing them in.
At Sally's home, Marty agreed to send a letter by Sally intended
for Nick. At Seattle-Tacoma International Airport she is picked
up by Frank, a taxi driver who was a doctor in China before
coming to the United States. At Sharpay's supposed instruction,
Ryan gives Troy a new song to learn moments before the show. At
Simon's insistence, Wai-Tung decides to marry one of his tenants,
Wei-Wei, a penniless artist from mainland China in need of a
green card. At Sloan's picturesque Connecticut farm on Christmas
Eve, Elizabeth meets Nora (Una O'Connor), the housemaid, as well
as a neighbor's baby whom they pretend is their baby. At Summer's
End, Sam is painting a landscape of Moonrise Kingdom. At True
Directions, Megan meets the founder, strict disciplinarian Mary
Brown (Cathy Moriarty), Mary's supposedly heterosexual son Rock
(Eddie Cibrian), and a group of young people trying to "cure"
themselves of their homosexuality. At Verona's request, Burt
tries to persuade Grace to stay with her boring boyfriend. At
Zach's sister's house, Georgina is taken by the baby and is
allowed to hold her as Zach goofs off with his sister's belly
sculpture. At a 2011 national a cappella competition, Barden
University's all-female a cappella group, the Barden Bellas,
perform well until Aubrey Posen (Anna Camp) vomits on herself on
stage during her solo. At a Gatsby-esque party, Stanley and
Sophie dance. At a New Year's Eve party, Megan is arrested
because the same note was found in Alec's neighbor's apartment,
which the two had broken into earlier. At a ball at which Mr
Wickham is not present, Elizabeth dances with Mr Darcy rather
against her will. At a ball, he tries to avoid Pamela, who wants
to propose to him. At a bar, Deb Clarington, a camera operator
for the local news, sees an attractive man, Ryan Waverly. At a
bar, Minnie and Kimmie decide to pose as prostitutes. At a bar,
Minnie and Monroe flirt and she tells him she wants to sleep with
him. At a birthday party for Zach, it is revealed that they are
engaged and Georgina tells him that she’s pregnant. At a birthday
party that Matty throws for her, George confesses his feelings
for Lisa and goes outside to give her time to think it over,
Charles looking on from above. At a birthday party they are both
attending, Massimo offers Mary a heartfelt proposal and after a
little hesitation she finally agreed to marry him. At a book
signing engagement, Joan meets Omar (Spiros Focás), a charming
Arab ruler who wants Joan to write his biography. At a cafe,
Marty meets up with Nick who was initially rude to him before
Marty introduced himself. At a chance meeting, he is offered a
contract to work at the same investment firm from his real life,
having impressed the Chairman with his business savvy when he
came in for a tire change. At a comic book store, Minnie sees
cartoonist Aline Kominsky signing books. At a family wedding,
Charley is quickly infatuated with a beautiful woman he doesn't
recognize. At a fancy restaurant, they're sent champagne by a
wealthy man, diamond baron Charles Kimble (Eric Blore). At a
friend's wedding, Lalita meets Will Darcy (Martin Henderson), a
handsome and wealthy American working in his family's hotel
business, who has arrived in Amritsar with his long-time friend,
the British-Indian barrister Balraj, and Balraj's sister Kiran.
At a friendship dance in the hall, Millie meets the devil-may-
care paper clip salesman Jimmy Smith (James Fox), to whom she
takes an instant liking. At a garden party, Mia and Nicholas
quarrel about Mia's relationship with Andrew; Nicholas tricks Mia
into admitting she doesn't love him. At a high-school basketball
game, Richard tries unsuccessfully to boost Susan's image of
Jerry White (Johnny Sands), the boyfriend she dumped for him. At
a local train station, Chris meets Lynn (Judith Ridley; billed as
Judith Streiner) a beautiful young woman who works as a model and
actress in local TV commercials. At a lunch counter, two grifters
recognize Diane, and sneak aboard the trailer, but not before
conning Orestes (Billy Gilbert), the diner's cook, into giving
them two $10 bills for $5. At a luncheon with a group of friends,
he meets Sara (Victoria Tennant), a journalist from London, with
whom he immediately becomes infatuated. At a memorial for Joe's
late mother, Sam attempts to sing a song in her honor, but the
Bellas, especially Marilyn, tell him it is highly inappropriate.
At a nightclub with Riley, Celeste realizes the logo appeals to
Riley's gay fan base, and they could use this to make her the
next Lady Gaga. At a party celebrating Lucia's becoming an
American citizen, Vladimir proposes to her; but she refuses and
breaks up with him. At a party there, Tom meets aspiring actress
Avice Crichton (Lucy Punch), and, when Julia sees him flirting
with the pretty young woman, she becomes jealous and anxious and
angrily confronts him. At a party, Danny meets Palmer (Brooklyn
Decker), a sixth grade math teacher, without his wedding ring on,
and they have a connection together. At a party, Jack learns from
a friend that Sally is seeing someone, and flies into a jealous
rage. At a party, Luca meets and immediately falls for Claudia.
At a party, Papa Martelli is rushed into saying Ray is engaged to
daughter Nina, which upsets Mike so much that he decides to
leave. At a party, they meet and hook-up. At a party, when
Michael (as himself) approaches Julie with a pick-up line that
she had previously told Dorothy she would be receptive towards,
she throws a drink in his face. At a performance by Kevin, Sarah
is approached by Jonathan (Mark Webber), who has a crush on her
and has been hanging around the bookstore she manages. At a
performance, Ellen Miller (Paulette Goddard) catches Danny and
Hank's eye. At a picnic, the Junkyard Dogs see Scamp's old
family. At a police station, Phil and Claire talk with Detective
Arroyo (Taraji Henson), but discover Collins and Armstrong are
also detectives, presumably on Miletto's payroll. At a press
conference in Yemen with the Foreign Secretary, Patricia reunites
Harriet and Robert, who survived the antiterrorism operation. At
a publishing party for New York book business people later that
week, Joe and Kathleen meet again, where Kathleen discovers Joe's
true identity. At a restaurant Nick tells Brooke that her husband
will most likely understand that what he did was wrong and that
if he doesn't, that's that. At a restaurant in New York City,
Andy prepares to introduce his friends to his fiancée, Liz. At a
school dance, Petey's shy roommate has worked up the nerve to
invite campus beauty Mirabel Allstairs to be his date. At a
shareholders meeting for International Projects, a billion dollar
corporation, John Blessington (John Williams) announces that he
is replacing Edward McKeever (Paul Douglas), the company's
founder, President and Chairman of the Board, who is resigning to
work for the federal government in WashingtonC. At a shareholders
meeting, Cedar has everyone convinced to sell the company, until
Deeds (who has bought a single share) arrives and manages to
convince everyone not to sell. At a supermarket, Nick encounters
Russell's despondent young wife Mary (Angelina Jolie), who is
sobbing over a grocery cart full of alcohol. At a tavern where
Charlie falls in love with a flirtatious and pretty Irish Setter
named Sasha La Fleur (Sheena Easton), Carface appears in a
corporeal form granted by a red dog collar created by Red (George
Hearn), an elderly dog fortune teller who gives Charlie and Itchy
equivalent collars effective for a single day. At a theme park,
Top gives Samantha a teddy bear which he got from Audrey's date
after the guy verbally harassed Samantha which angered Top and
knocks down the guy unconscious. At a third bar, Gil meets Juan
Belmonte and Ernest Hemingway. At a truck stop in Indiana on the
night of January 20th, 1973, film professor Albert Brodsky is
hitchhiking across the country, where he gets picked up by Lucy
van Patten, a woman who has ambitions of writing books,
particularly for children, but her fiancé "Bink," a gruff Navy
man, represses her, and she is depressed about being relegated to
the life of a military wife. At a wedding reception, a man in his
late thirties (Eckhart) approaches a bridesmaid (Bonham Carter)
of about the same age, and offers her a glass of champagne. At
age 25, Aram is not sure what he wants to do with his life having
just separated (his wife was a French woman who married him for a
green card). At an after-party celebrating the closing of a play
that Georgia was in, Pamela convinces director Sidney Simpson
(Samuel Hinds) and writer Carl Ober (SZ. At an anti-war rally in
Washington featuring Abbie Hoffman, Forrest reunites with Jenny,
who has joined the hippie movement after being expelled from
college over topless photos of herself and experimenting with
drugs. At an art exhibition, Cristina is intrigued by artist Juan
Antonio (Javier Bardem), who Judy says has suffered a violent
relationship with his ex-wife. At an ex-gay meeting, Mark meets
Tomas, a painter. At an inn in Meung-sur-Loire, an older man
derides d'Artagnan's horse. At another stranger's funeral
service, Harold meets Maude (Ruth Gordon), a 79-year-old woman
who shares Harold's hobby of attending funerals. At another table
where Gidget's and Abby's parents are, Russ receives a telegram
that Jeff is taking the first plane out to Hawaii. At another,
she spots Sylvia Brand (Joan Perry), Brooke's fiancée, dancing
with medical student Dennis Jeffers, whom Sylvia has known since
childhood. At birth, Ella of Frell is given the gift of obedience
by the well-meaning but misguided fairy Lucinda. At breakfast the
next morning, Q and Shelby accidentally switch phones and Shelby
finds the Candace video on Q's phone. At breakfast, the Ohio
couple notices Lauren's picture in an Italian newspaper with the
caption "Dov'e. At brunch with Julie's parents, it is immediately
apparent that her father disapproves of Tom and Julie's
relationship when he keeps asking why he is there with them. At
camp they meet Benji (Aaron Milo) an attractive camper whom
insists that he is not gay, Penny (Lilach Mendelovich) a sweet
camp help who is an aspiring actress, Lily (Harmony Santana) a
headstrong trans woman, and Genieveve (Marikah Cunningham) a rich
and untalented actress who likes Benji. At college, with Weiss
and Morales (who plan to marry) still protecting her, Anna sees a
Six Million Dollar Man sticker which reminds her of her European
adventure. At dawn, Lloyd plays "In Your Eyes" by Peter Gabriel,
the song that was playing the first time they slept together, on
a boombox under her open bedroom window. At dinner he makes
advances on her and is rejected. At dinner with his friend Ronnie
(John Ortiz) and his wife Veronica (Julia Stiles), Pat meets
Veronica's sister Tiffany Maxwell (Jennifer Lawrence), a young
widow with depression and relationship problems. At dinner, Becca
realizes that Travis wants to propose marriage to her and she
urges Crawl to speak. At dinner, Brian meets Arielle and Valery's
children and is introduced to Valery's lover, Jane (Olivia
Thirlby). At dinner, Devlin asks Danny and Katherine to tell each
other what they admire most about each other, and, as Danny and
Katherine talk, they start to feel a connection. At dinner, Drew
writes a script for the family to read at the table. At dinner,
Emilio Pericoli sings "Al Di Là" (a song that reached number 6
after the movie's release in 1962). At dinner, Greg, who is
Jewish, recites the lyrics from the song "Day by Day" from the
musical "Godspell" when asked to say Grace, and makes up a story
about milking a cat in an attempt to explain to Jack why he had
earlier caught Greg reading a pharmacy magazine about lactation.
At dinner, John spikes Sack's wine with eye-drops to make him
sick and get more time to connect with Claire. At dinner,
Lawrence monopolizes the conversation and Janet walks out. At
dinner, Sam announces that her first novel has been accepted for
publication. At dinner, Sctanley (pronounced "Stanley"), the
resort host (Peter Serafinowicz), informs them that couples
therapy, which starts at 6m, is actually mandatory. At dinner,
the old friends catch up while tensions grow between Shelby and
Candace. At film's end, they all show different ways of
expressing love. At first Carey proposes they ask an officer he
knows to order Jim home for the wedding, but thinks better of it,
knowing he will lose his job if the wedding plans are disrupted.
At first Isabelle is not interested in Sam, believing that he is
too working-class for her. At first Spengo says it is an obvious
trick, but in the end he tells the guards to bring it in. At
first believing he is just like all the other blase wealthy
idlers of her acquaintance, she warms to him when he reveals his
zest for life. At first crestfallen, she is relieved to discover
from her mother-in-law Grace (Thelma Ritter) that her (ex-)
husband's honeymoon has not started yet. At first ecstatic about
their miraculous salvation, Joe tells Patricia about his fatal
brain cloud. At first everyone thinks this is a joke, but it is
soon evident that Anna is dead serious. At first he decides not
to meet with her, but then to meet with her without revealing his
on-line identity, but they again clash. At first he uses the
check to get credit extended at posh clothing stores, a car
dealership, and more. At first he was sad but he bece happy
thinking that if Winona will die, he could die with her. At first
horrified by the prospect of exposing herself to the cockroaches
of the film industry, not to mention the effect it would have on
her strict Jewish parents, Jody has a remarkable change of heart
when she realizes that Grind has all the facilities she needs to
make her own low budget movie — on the sly of course — but things
get complicated when Jody meets Jeff Drake (Matthew Davis), the
charming Herr Director of adult films. At first she claims to
just want to be his friend, but she begins to show up
consistently at his Manhattan financial office just to talk or
have lunch, which causes his boss, secretaries, and peers to view
him with varying degrees of contempt. At first she hesitates,
saying how long it had taken for her to get over him, and he
agrees. At first she tries her best to make do with out them, but
when she gets a note in class from Asher, she puts them on to
read it, revealing her secret. At first she's annoyed by his
advances, but in Tijuana she gets tipsy and has a great time. At
first the reading sounds like a hundred others, until she
foresees her having a child and meeting a man whose arm was cut
by a native's rice knife. At first the six brothers remember
Milly's teaching and try to resist being drawn into a fight by
accepting physical indignities. At first their relationship is a
pleasant escape from daily life, but when Lynn starts to resent
supporting the freeloading Chris, she motivates him into getting
a steady job. At first worried, Casey decides he and Zack are not
meant to be together and the pair agree to break up, with Casey
encouraging Zack to ask out Benji. At first, Barrie is taken in
by Susan's new passion, believing it is a sign of maturity, but
he suffers disappointment when he realizes it is simply another
manifestation of her shallowness. At first, Barry explains that
he is in Hawaii on a business trip by coincidence, but he soon
admits that he came only for her. At first, Elizabeth is
determined not to attend; but Radley admonishes her, saying he
will walk Carla down the aisle, and finally she relents. At
first, Farrell is outraged, but when he hears about the sharp
increase in ticket sales, he signs Teresita to a contract. At
first, Glory is miffed, but the couple settle their differences
(after a spanking and a punch to the jaw). At first, Gwen is
oblivious, but eventually discovers Kiki's feelings for Eddie. At
first, Harold is outraged, but then he realizes that he can
propose to Mary after all. At first, Jim insists that Glory wants
to retire from show business and settle down, but when she learns
the Kelsey contract has no restrictions on how she lives her
life, she is eager to sign. At first, Madison congratulates them,
but after thinking about it, makes his own bid for her hand. At
first, Nicky has trouble staying alive on Earth. At first, Sheila
does not much care for Bill either, but he eventually wins her
affections. At first, Todd is horrified by his "family
affliction", and fellow students begin to harass him. At first,
Torchy and Rita refuse to give up the bottle, but when they see
theSS. At first, he declines, but then realizing it is his dream,
he plays Cyrano with great success. At first, he tries to add her
to his harem, but she rejects him because she finds him
chauvinistic and shallow, so he disguises himself as a nerdy twin
brother, "Herbert". At first, he's relieved that they seemingly
came to his rescue but questions why were they even there in the
first place. At first, her sister Leslie (Carla Gugino) gets
married. At first, his new life seems perfect, but he soon begins
to miss his best friend Clip Metzler (Jon Lovitz) and wife Ellen
(Linda Hamilton) from his previous life; he also discovers that
his alternative self has created many enemies, like Jewel Jagger
(Courteney Cox), and as Larry's problems multiply, he finds
himself wishing to be put back into his old life. At first, it
seems to be a normal gathering for such an occasion but, as time
goes on, secrets and stories begin to be revealed. At first,
neither Gerald nor Prudence is willing to grant the other a
divorce, but Prudence offers to take the blame after becoming
pregnant, as long as Gerald will spare Hewitt's reputation. At
first, none of them will admit the reason for their damnation:
Joseph says that he was executed for being a pacifist, while
Estelle insists that a mistake has been made; Inès, however, is
the only one to demand that they all stop lying to themselves and
confess to their moral crimes. At first, she assumes that this
man won't live up to her standards, but after a few romantic
dates, it begins to dawn on Isabel that Colin may, in fact, be a
better life partner for her than the one she's already planning
to marry. At first, she kisses him back but then backs away. At
first, the brothers have a hard time changing from their
"mountain man" ways, but eventually each comes to see that the
only way he will get a woman of his own is to do things Milly's
way. At first, the rebels don't trust Dick and begin to torture
him. At first, the two have a rocky relationship; Abby thinks
Mike is crass and disgusting while Mike finds her to be naive and
a control freak. At first, their scheme works: they both get the
person they wanted. At first, they seem to succeed, but quickly
return to arguing when they each feel the other is
misrepresenting them in the opposite body, such as Woody (in
Nell's body) answering a question oddly and surprising a teacher.
At half-time, Viola explains the situation to Sebastian and they
switch places again. At her apartment, Penny gives Dodge three
years' worth of his mail that was incorrectly delivered to her
and in the process unwittingly tells him that his wife was having
an affair. At her bedside, Karenin forgives Vronsky. At her
encouragement, he follows Ramona. At her father's funeral, Norma
dresses up the way Jackie Kennedy appeared at the funeral of her
husband; appears as Marilyn Monroe as she serves her surviving
son his breakfast; and also impersonates Faye Dunaway and Barbra
Streisand among others. At her friend Allison's (Ellie Kemper)
wedding, her boyfriend unexpectedly proposes marriage. At her
front door, Mercedes offers Larry to kiss her and they hug
(Mercedes thinks that they are kissing). At her grandmother's
wedding, Zoe's water breaks and on the way to the hospital they
make a pit stop at the Market. At her house, Kate manages to buy
Beth time to escape by kissing John, with Beth's skirt being
ruined in the process after getting it caught in the car's door.
At her older sister Caroline's (Poppy Montgomery) wedding, Danny
surprises Carla by showing up at the church and asking Carla to
marry him, in a scene mimicking The Graduate, the couple's
favorite film. At her suggestion, Roy wins another wager with
Simms, the leader after the first round. At his Connecticut farm,
next-door neighbor Bill Tremayne asks to borrow Mitch's car. At
his apartment, Grant traces the cellphone signal to an apartment
owned by Tom Felton. At his father's funeral, he encounters his
brother, Herbie, a hippie living in Venice Beach. At his father's
wedding, Duffy hears news about Meg and decides to go to her
restaurant. At his funeral, Alex's father comforts her and her
mother, while still upset over Alex's lesbianism, shows that she
still loves her daughter (by insulting her shoes, something she's
done repeatedly through the film). At his graduation, Billy is
delivering a speech. At his home, Juan Antonio seduces and wins
Vicky over again, but they are interrupted by María Elena who
bursts in with a gun, firing wildly as Juan Antonio tries to calm
her. At his premiere in Paris, playing Don Juan, Garrick learns
that Germaine is not a member of the company. At home Cécile is
worried that Alain is not back yet and assumes that the worst has
happened (which she does all the time). At home in California,
near the ocean, her boyfriend Buzz is a real-estate agent of
modest means. At home, Andy finds it hard to be cheerful, even
though his mother Emily, his father, Judge James Hardy, and his
aunt Milly are celebrating his sister Marian's return from New
York. At home, Calvin and Ruby fight, with Ruby telling Calvin he
cannot stop her from doing what she wants. At home, Judith leaves
a cupcake with a candle in it on the counter. At home, Mary’s
father excitedly talks about her upcoming wedding, only for her
to reveal that she and Massimo are not engaged before scolding
her father for trying to arrange her marriage. At home, Ryan
tells his dad what Rand said, and he doesn't appear concerned,
but apologizes for snapping at him a few nights ago. At home,
Samantha's scene with Top became viral on the internet. At home,
Simon learns of Terri's ruse and becomes furious. At home, Tess
finds her boyfriend (Alec Baldwin) in bed with another woman. At
home, Zach's manic demeanor and strange comments that Beth is
alive causes his parents, Judy and Noah, to worry. At home, he
says that he is disgusted with the wedding and weekend being a
disaster and grounds Marni and Gail, despite protest. At home,
their housemate Pete, complaining of a bite wound from a drunk,
berates Shaun for his lack of direction. At last Jim manages to
get out and pull the Prospector to safety right when the cabin
falls down the chasm. At last, the judges announce the winners of
the State Championship, announcing the third-place winner as the
Kung Fu Flyers, and the second place team as the Dutch Dragons.
At last, the newly crowned King of Denmark, Edvard, and his wife
and Queen, dr Paige Morgan, find time to fly to Belavia for their
secret honeymoon. At least when this company is liquidated, he
says, they'll end up with a few dollars in their pocket. At lunch
she wants Josh to sit with her, but Josh refuses and Dylan
threatens him. At lunch with her deceased boyfriend's mother
after a year later, the mother introduces her nephew—who turns
out to be Gyeon-woo, whom she has been trying to introduce to the
Girl for years. At lunch, Audrey calls the Dean's assistant, and
finds out that Edith was lying about the exclusive tour. At
midnight, a 1920s Peugeot Type 176 car draws up beside him, and
the passengers, dressed in 1920s clothing, urge him to join them.
At midnight, the paintings in the ancestral gallery come to life,
and their subjects ask Francesca, Angelina's great-great-great-
great-grandmother who looks exactly like Countess Angelina, to
save the castle just as she did in the 16th century. At night he
dons the costume of a superhero and fights criminals. At night's
end, Jake finds Ted trapped under a table and they begin to talk.
At night, Jesse is about to go to bed when Edy shows up, having
been kicked out of the bed room and is not bunking with Jesse. At
nighttime, when the young boy asks Vince when he and his sister
will get to go home, Vince, trying to make a joke, replies
"never". At one of his parties, the power goes out because Jonah
has not paid his electric bill, but it gets turned back on thanks
to his neighbor. At one point Penelope Pussycat is walking with a
ginger cat and Pepé's stink causes the ginger cat to faint and
Penelope to spring in the air, getting her back on a fresh white-
painted flagpole before she falls right into Pepé's arms. At one
point a guest expresses envy of MacDonald and her husband, as she
thinks they live a life full of fresh air and beautiful scenery,
which is then followed by MacDonald pointing out that while the
guest had lounged in bed that morning, she and her husband had
been up before sunrise working for several hours, and then again
the couple had stayed up long into the night after the guest had
gone to bed. At one point he angrily grabs a pornographic
magazine from an office desk and begins to march towards a toilet
stall in order to masturbate, but his co-workers stop him and
convince him to maintain his pledge. At one point in the film,
Fido, in an attempt to follow Dida literally followed the plane
that (he thought) Dida was aboard until he later fell down from
the sky unharmed. At one point the android impersonates Jeff in
order to leave the laboratory, and stows away in Frankie's
Chevrolet Corvair. At one point, Brenda accuses Richard of being
on the down-low. At one point, she takes a naked Polaroid of
herself and gives it to Matthew in public. At one, she encounters
Tom's mother Caroline, out with her boyfriend Paul Kingston. At
orientation Dick enforces a no sex rule at the camp - much due to
Dick himself not having had sex for 7 and a half years. At
parties and gatherings, mrs Bakshi's mindless chatter, Maya's
kitschy dancing, and Lakhi's uninhibited flirting astonish Darcy
and his friends, and mortify Jaya and Lalita. At rehearsal the
next day, Nora says before she can fall in love, Dick must pass
inspection from her family back on Mackinac Island. At school
Agnès is very worried because Manise had to arrest Jeanne, a
colleague teacher and friend. At school he decides to make up his
assignments and collects them. At school she fares no better when
she finds out that a completed "sex quiz", which she tried to
surreptitiously slip to her friend Randy (Liane Curtis), never
reached her friend Randy and, unbeknownst to either of them, was
picked up by Jake. At school, Andie confronts Blane for avoiding
her and not returning her calls. At school, Ella becomes friends
with Areida, a girl from the neighboring country Ayortha. At
school, Stephanie's poor grades in English lead her to accept
Michael's offer of help. At some point in time, a burglar breaks
in and runs when Stuart comes in with his unloaded gun. At st
Celestine, the Lucky 13 gang tells Samantha that Top is waiting
outside before playing a live song performance. At that exact
moment, Scott studies for the test with the aid of his rich
father's employees. At that instant Julie shows up looking
glamorous. At that moment Alan and Jean also arrive, witnessing
what appears to them to be a very intimate situation. At that
moment Showboat arrives with his female hitmen and are about to
attack Kid & Play when he hears Kid's cousins performing at the
party, Play picks up on that and immediately informs Showboat
that they were a new act he and Kid were working on. At that
moment, Boullard reveals his identity to her, and together they
come up with a plan to get back at Paul. At that moment, Sir
Robert enters while reading Lady Chiltern's letter, but as the
letter does not have the name of the addressee, he assumes it is
meant for him, and reads it as a letter of forgiveness. At that
moment, a bear enters the cabin and is killed, supplying them
with food. At that moment, she remembers his invitation and
decides to visit him. At that point Governor McGinty (Brian
Donlevy) and The Boss (Akim Tamiroff) step in and provide a phone
call which results in a happy ending for everyone. At that, she
forgives him and they walk off, Julie asking him to lend her a
dress. At the "Why Did I Get Married. At the 2009 NBA All-Star
Game, Scott suffers an injury that could possibly ruin his career
(along with the rumor explained below). At the Ball that night,
Tammy tells a story for the guests, and enchants everyone, even
mrs Brent. At the Christmas dinner, a fight ensues after Art
announces to everybody that Eddie has fired him for being a
communist sympathizer. At the Duke's quarters, Satine sees
Christian on the streets below, and realizes she cannot sleep
with the Duke. At the Federal Broadcasting Network in Midtown
Manhattan, Bunny Watson (Katharine Hepburn) is in charge of its
reference library, which is responsible for researching facts and
answering questions on all manner of topics, great and small. At
the Hollywood Bowl, after a sardonic introduction from Waters,
Beauregard comes onstage, where Happy asks for his wallet. At the
Independent Art Studio in Hollywood, where the film is being
made, Lili's temperament and lack of talent cause Conroy much
concern. At the Junior League carnival, where her mother has made
her volunteer, Viola works a shift at the kissing booth and
shares a kiss with Duke. At the Love Parade, as Ben explains his
actions on the phone to his fellow agents, Anna discovers his
identity. At the Luau that night, Abby is the center of attention
and is happy about it, especially since Gidget isn't there. At
the Mauhana Room, the adults also reconcile after discussing the
situation; Mitzi assures Russ and Dorothy that Abby will be
punished for her misdeed. At the North Pole, Rudolpha is secretly
selling pieces of the North Pole worldwide to get rid of the
North Pole, and to make Santa Claus feel he is being replaced. At
the Oblonsky home, Anna talks openly and emotionally to Dolly
about Stiva's affair and convinces her that Stiva still loves her
despite the infidelity. At the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix, Scott's
friend Wayne Burns and his partner Vanessa Cronin overhear Fife
talking to Ken and his partner Tina Sparkle saying that they will
win no matter what. At the San Francisco International Airport,
the animals escape after Chance panics with mistaking airport
workers as the workers at the dog pound ("The Bad Place" as
Chance puts it) and breaks free from his carrier. At the Spring
Fling dance, Regina's new boyfriend, Shane Oman, is elected King,
while Cady is elected Queen. At the White House Christmas Party,
Wade is dejected about her meeting that day with three
Congressmen from Michigan about the environmental bill and how it
was a dismal failure; in the process, she inadvertently mentions
to the President andJ. At the a cappella national competition,
the Bellas sing a piece arranged by Beca, which includes "Don't
You (Forget About Me)" a song featured in The Breakfast Club, one
of Jesse's favorite movies. At the actual meeting, Miggy is
announced as the officer in charge of the telecoms business. At
the afterparty she tries to obtain explanations about what had
happened on stage. At the agency, Andrew Woolridge insists that
David accompany him to New York to promote the new ad campaign
for his airline. At the airfield in the morning, Curt says
goodbye to his parents, his sister Laurie, Steve, John and The
Toad. At the airport Amanda decides to stay and goes to the pub.
At the airport Gordo meets Isabella, who has returned for the
concert and is upset to hear that Lizzie is impersonating her. At
the airport gate, he is told he is being seated in First Class
and when he boards the plane, he finds Martha waiting for him. At
the airport he takes a selfie and sends it to their high school
friends. At the airport, Molly meets up with Josh Shiffman, her
brother's playboy best friend from childhood, as he is also
flying from LA to Chicago for the wedding. At the airport, as
Laida walks by, everybody is singing lines of 'Kailan', Miggy and
Laida's favorite song. At the airport, as the men prepare to
board their flight back to Nigeria, they are surprised to see
Kimberly and Clara who after further clarifications had both made
up their minds to follow them back to Nigeria to meet their
relatives. At the airport, she meets Daniel, a successful music
label executive, who covertly arranges for her to be upgraded to
First Class and seated next to him on the flight. At the airport,
they are all surprised by Danny's goofball cousin Eddie (Nick
Swardson), who has adopted an Austrian disguise as the "Dolph
Lundgren" that Danny had made up earlier. At the altar, she
announces that she still loves Alan, and he comes to his senses
and realizes he loves her too. At the appointed time and place, a
bartender is startled when two glasses on the bar break with no
one around. At the auditions, the two finalists are Pacific Vista
and Crenshaw Heights. At the ball, Frances is resplendent in a
gold gown, Robie unrecognizable behind the mask of a Moor. At the
ball, Mr Bingley is open and cheerful, popular with all the
guests, and appears to be very attracted to the beautiful Miss
Bennet. At the ball, Tiana discovers she may lose the mill to a
higher bidder. At the ball, Veronica and Paul are finally
reunited after six years. At the ball, Viola is skeptical that
Duke will show up, but he eventually does just in time to escort
her on stage, where they share a kiss. At the ball, mr Bingley
and the eldest Bennet daughter, Jane, make a connection in the
midst of a chaotic zombie attack. At the baptism, Sam suffers a
heart attack and is rushed to the hospital. At the bar, David's
mother confides that his father Max had cheated on her and
humiliated her in their marriage. At the bar, everyone takes the
chance to have some fun, drinking and dancing. At the bayou,
Tiana and Naveen meet Louis, a trumpet-playing alligator who
longs to be human, and Ray, a Cajun firefly. At the beach, Victor
and Matthew pass numerous women walking around topless. At the
beach, the women meet an elderly couple who have accidentally
thrown a friend's ashes on Angela. At the beginning of the film
she is in love with a famous writer named Alec Bolton, who
dismisses any intentions she has of writing a novel herself as
nonsense, strongly discouraging her. At the beginning of the
film, he lends a renowned statue of Venus, ostensibly by Cellini,
to the Kléber-Lafayette Museum in Paris as the centerpiece of an
important exhibition. At the beginning of the film, set in
October 1945, they dance through the street celebrating their
upcoming release from the service ("The Binge") and meet at their
favorite New York bar. At the beginning of the final race, Torkel
is offered a deal to sell his franchise for a huge profit, as
part of an elaborate scheme that Stroker and his friends have
concocted. At the big ball Kitty expects to hear something
definitive from Vronsky, but he dances with Anna, choosing her as
a partner over a shocked and heartbroken Kitty. At the boathouse,
Claire pretends to search; while Collins and Armstrong's backs
are turned, Phil hits them with a paddle and escapes with Claire
on a boat. At the brunch, Doug becomes nervous and almost blows
his own cover until Jimmy accidentally sets Grandma on fire. At
the bus stop, Jarrod is waiting for her, presenting her with a
bouquet of lilies. At the cabin she tells Buzzy she isn't
interested but loves to play backgammon. At the ceremony, George
declares "I am Jorge" (the Spanish form of George) and calls the
wedding off. At the child custody hearing, Julia argues that it
would be in the children's best interest for Monty to be awarded
custody. At the church where Whitman is forcing Martha to get
married, Walter shows up to rescue Martha from the wedding, but
trips. At the church's Christmas pageant, Henry finds his faith
in God renewed and his ties to his family restored. At the
clinic, Kabir eagerly turns over the cash to the professor. At
the clinic, Sagamore tells Kabir that Epifania has vowed to
withdraw from the world at the stroke of midnight. At the club
Joe tries to leave Belle but she follows her home again. At the
club's parking lot, a jealous Nick and his friends smash up
motorcycles belonging to Johnny's friends. At the club, Jane
feels out of place and Christina grabs a man passing by to set
Jane up with. At the college, he becomes part of a colorful
community of outcasts, also-rans, and the overlooked all trying
to find a better future for themselves. At the company Christmas
party held at Mark's gallery, he not only inquires if Mark is her
boyfriend, but dances closely with her. At the concert, Tom Jones
dedicates his song "She's a Lady" to Agnes. At the conclusion of
their set, Tiffany and Pat score exactly 5 points. At the
counselling session Alan admits to being cheated on by his first
love, blaming his current attitude to women on that experience.
At the dance Polly’s date recognizes Betsy as an accomplished
singer and asks her to perform; Andy is scared that she will
embarrass him, but she proves to be a fantastic singer and
quickly wins over the crowd with “It Never Rains But it Pours”
and encores with “Meet the Beat of My Heart. At the dance, Winnie
reveals to everyone that she has been sleeping with Brad behind
Britney's back causing Britney to dump him and end her friendship
with Winnie, telling her that she's "too much of a backstabber to
have any real friends". At the date's end, Gregory is more than
pleased with Susan, and the two kiss numerous times on his
doorstep before calling it a night and arranging a second date.
At the deadline, in 1938, another Gracie Alden, the last girl of
the line, is having trouble with her studies, so she hires fast-
talking Bud Brady (Bob Hope) to help her. At the dinner on the
night preceding the wedding, it becomes increasingly clear Harvey
is now an outsider to his daughter's life and is being excluded
from the clan around his ex-wife's new husband Brian. At the
dress store, Julia hits her head on a power box and finds that
she can read people's thoughts. At the end everyone sings a song
called 'Fruits de Mer', each with their preferred partner. At the
end he is seen trying to get the attentions of a female neighbor.
At the end of a season of successful crashes, Jeremy takes John
to a wedding for the daughter of theS. At the end of her
finances, she and her maid, Josie (Margaret Hamilton) head to
Miami where Grace hopes to find another rich man. At the end of
her holiday, Muriel returns home only to be confronted by her
mother over the fraud. At the end of his speech, he also reveals
that he has changed his mind and now wants to go dancing with
them, having convinced himself to try even harder to change for
her—and reminding himself that his problems began when he didn't
ask his first girlfriend to dance when he had the chance. At the
end of the date Jake confesses that he wants to sleep with her.
At the end of the day, Peyton begins to question Sharpay's
motives for getting Boi in the production, and she drops out of
his movie. At the end of the evening, Stacy says goodbye to
Melissa and Jamie. At the end of the fight, Edgar is locked in
his own packing-case and sent to Timbuktu himself. At the end of
the film, Parker stars in a major action film with Henry at her
side as her consultant, Rachel marries Tony, and Abigail sells
her book on their antics as bridesmaids. At the end of the film,
Viola and Duke are shown happily playing on Illyria's soccer team
together. At the end of the film, the vignettes of the various
caring relationships among the characters show the opposite of
superficial sexual gratification. At the end of the interview,
the Princess requests to "meet" the journalists, shaking hands
and making brief formal conversation. At the end of the movie,
they are seen boarding a bus together. At the end of the musical,
ms Darbus reveals that both Kelsi and Ryan have won the Juilliard
scholarship and tells about everyone's future plans, in which
Troy reveals he's chosen  ((University of Califonia, Berkeley))
so he can be close to Gabriella where he can play basketball and
perform in theater ("We're All in This Together" [Graduation
Mix]). At the end of the night Stan asks her to come to his farm
during the weekend and Zoe finds out that she is pregnant. At the
end of the novel, Doc receives a payment from Fabian Fazzo in
settlement of his bet about Mickey. At the end of the school
year, Amy is moved to the worst school in the county by the
superintendent. At the end of the song, he kicks over one of the
amps, destroying it for effect. At the end of the training
session, she is worn out from Bismark's "sadistic abuse, pious
drivel and sheer double talk". At the end of the visit, while
leaving her parents' house, Nat confronts Naomi about why she
stays with her husband as they clearly hate each other. At the
end of their date, Amanda tells Harold that she's arranged for
him to rewrite the screenplay, telling Harold that Sidney will
call Arther Blake the next day to finalize the details and set
the pay. At the end of their first day, Vicky refuses to join
Juan Antonio in his hotel room, citing her fidelity to Doug, but
Cristina accepts his invitation immediately. At the end they are
friends again, but go their separate ways without making plans
for another reunion ("The Time for Parting"). At the end, Adam
and Holly go to their first school dance together. At the end,
Ginger finally realizes what is going on and berates the
audience, then walks out into the rain. At the end, Isabel is
married to Collin. At the end, Steve stands up and announces that
he is in love with Connie and that she should marry him. At the
end, Toodles Galore watches Spike strum Tom, who had replaced the
strings on his instrument, while Jerry plays a quick riff on
Tom's whiskers. At the end, he is rescued from Tong members by
the timely arrival of the police, led by a cop (Harry Gribbon)
who had been the unintentional victim of several of Buster's
antics over the last few days. At the end, she tries to see him
again but he looks at her for a long time and walks away with his
friends. At the end, the audience sees a pensive Jack and Sally
back together. At the end, the narrator (Heather) is joined by
Clea to finish telling the story to their daughter. At the end,
the whole family happily does the Cupid Shuffle. At the fall of
Paris, Tom is reunited with Gusto, and both decide to return home
to convince Americans that a real danger awaits. At the falls,
Jeff runs into some friends from his Ohio hometown, Wapakoneta.
At the final presentation for the cultural center, Oscar and
Peter receive the commission, but Oscar is simultaneously told
that he has won the award for Gay Professional Man of the Year,
with Newman deciding that he will reveal his decision after the
ceremony. At the final scene's wedding procession, Akeem, still
heartbroken, waits dejectedly at the altar as his soon-to-be
consort makes her way down the aisle. At the finals at the
Albertville Olympics, they look to be one of the top pairs
competing for the gold. At the following day's race, an
apparently hungover Herbie shudders to a halt and backfires while
Thorndyke blasts to victory. At the following joint press
conference, David is uncharacteristically assertive while taking
a stand against the President's intimidating policies. At the
funeral service, everyone but Lance is emotional. At the funeral
they meet Gabe Dominguez, an unknown half brother who resulted
from an affair their father had years ago. At the funeral, her
brother Todd (Stephen Root) and his wife (Wendi McLendon-Covey)
try to persuade her to sell the house, especially the
possessions, as she is a hoarder and has a habit of keeping
discarded furniture she finds on the street. At the game Mickey
wins big, earning the ire of Pearl's husband Zack. At the game,
the coach announces his wife's going to be all right. At the
game, when conversation turns to past sexual exploits, the group
learns that Andy is still a virgin. At the graduation ceremony,
Troy gives the class speech after being selected by ms Darbus. At
the graduation ceremony, the terms of the bet are revealed, Zack
must appear nude on stage because he lost. At the head of the
list are the twin daughters of the Earl of Stokeshire (George
Grossmith, Jr), Lady Mary Rose (Wendy Barrie) and Lady Rose Mary
(Joan Gardner). At the hearing, Praetorius explains that he
started his career in a small town by opening a butcher shop as a
front for his undeclared medical practice, because the people of
the town didn't trust doctors. At the hearing, it is revealed
that Deuce never slept with any of the clients except for Kate.
At the hearing, their marriage counselor testifies that the
couple truly tried to work on their marriage. At the hockey game,
Adam catches a stray hockey puck that is shot into the crowd. At
the hospital, Brent is arrested for attacking them and Fred finds
out Grace only broke her nose. At the hospital, Hank and Ruby
walk beside Bucky's gurney as he is being taken for tests. At the
hotel bar in Prague, Bloom is visited by the brothers' former
mentor and current enemy, Diamond Dog. At the hotel, Georgina is
about to go all the way with him, before she excuses herself to
go to the bathroom. At the hotel, bothered by back pain,
Catherine warily accepts Henri's offer of a back rub. At the
inauguration of his work, Art notices Liz who still has feeling
for him but is not sure who he is really. At the inauguration,
Tania confronts Rachel about having an affair with her father. At
the lake, Barney clumsily baits a trap (involving a frozen
chicken tied to the end of a rope) while Andy spots Ernest going
into a nearby stone quarry shed. At the last game. At the last
minute, Tom and Gloria arrive at contest headquarters with enough
votes for her to win the contest. At the last minute, he again
leaves her at the altar and runs out of the wedding onto a city
street saying he doesn't know for sure what he is looking for
but, "there's got to be something beautiful out there". At the
library dedication, Lance finds that he can no longer live with
his lie and confesses before the school. At the local bar, Chris
encounters some old classmates, including his best friend Clark
(Fred Ewanuick) and Clark's wife Darla (Amy Matysio); he also
encounters Tim, who is now balding, fat, and a heavy drinker. At
the local bowling alley, a game ("Score Tonight") turns sour due
to the animosity between Johnny and Stephanie. At the lunch, they
sight Kimberly and Akpors urges Richard into starting a
conversation. At the mall with his friends, he meets a girl named
Hallie (Elisabeth Harnois), who happens to be the daughter of the
President of the United States, George Richmond (Dabney Coleman).
At the mall, Top breaks up with Hershey and introduces Samantha
as his new girlfriend. At the market place, Prudence
coincidentally runs into Albert and his mother, and is concerned
that this woman will report to her mother back in theS. At the
mayor's house, Kiko tells Jackie that while the mayor is his
father he does not live there as he has a different family. At
the movie Mary and Steve dance but as they are about to kiss a
heavy downpour forces them to run for cover. At the movie's
closing, we see her walk out to the beach. At the next battle of
the bands, Sex Bob-Omb defeats Ramona's fifth and sixth evil
exes, twins Kyle and Ken Katayanagi, earning Scott a 1-up. At the
next race, Ann asks Steve to place another bet for her on mr
McGillicuddy, then challenges Hilda to withdraw her horse from a
joint entry with McGillicudy to prove she isn't marrying Steve
for the money. At the next therapy session, the true Vince joins
the group, under a fake name as 'Leo' and adopts a British accent
for the therapy. At the next town, he loans her $10 and sends her
on her way. At the night club, Top asks Samantha to go on a date
with him but she refuses. At the nightclub, Usmarte (Tweety Bird
as Ugarte, depicted like Peter Lorre), the actual thief,
convinces Bugs Bunny (as Rick Blaine) to take the document. At
the nightclub, a drunken acquaintance spots Margot and mentions
her husband, forcing Margot to improvise and tell Jeff that it
was merely a passing infatuation in Rio de Janeiro. At the
office, Maggie discusses Pete's love for her and Paul expresses
his dissatisfaction with current life. At the park at near dusk
when the two are in a swing Marty yet attempts to say his true
feelings for Sally and his friend is also eager to say something.
At the park, Isabelle tells the women of a childhood memory: she
saw that her parents were happy an Olympian had broken a record,
so in order to please her parents, and taking what she heard
literally, she broke their music records. At the park, one of the
Junkyard Dogs tell the story, about Tramp escaping from the group
of dogcatchers. At the party Heidi hears Rob shout "Tonight, I'm
getting laid. At the party for Quincy's hot seller book, Helen is
just back from Paris and has decided she wants to get back with
Quincy. At the party, Amelia confesses everything to mrs Malette,
and then plays swing violin with the band, shocking Julius and
her teacher. At the party, Calvin leaves Ruby and talks with
people about his still-unfinished manuscript. At the party, Kat
becomes upset when she sees Bianca with Joey, and responds by
getting drunk. At the party, Mary and Gabe go to their father's
office, where Mary gives Gabe the letters from their father and
he tearfully realises that their father wanted to be in his life.
At the party, Rand corners Ryan telling him that he wants Ryan to
leave Tenley alone, or he will have his father replaced as the
lawn maintenance person for all the rich families on Shore Road.
At the party, Tess unknowingly meets Jack, who is fascinated by
her. At the party, he makes a fool of himself with embarrassing
dancing and standing next to a poster he can joke about during
the night. At the party, one of the other actresses, Stacey, asks
Miri if it's okay for her to ask Zack to have sex, since she's
nervous about her upcoming scene with him. At the party, she
dances with an ex-boyfriend and George gets drunk, goes outside,
throws up, and falls asleep in an alley. At the party, the gang
repeatedly interrupts the mayor introducing the aviator to delay
it. At the party, the two are called upon to sing karaoke
together ("Start of Something New"). At the party, they cause a
stir and not a little jealousy in Phillip. At the play, Tom and
Christine decide not to divorce. At the playground, Mikey is told
by his friends what "daddies" are, and he realizes he wants James
to be his daddy. At the police chief's request and the crowd's
chants, Blankman attempts to save the mayor but is unable to
defuse all the bombs. At the police station, Erika claims Phoebe
as her cousin in order to secure her release. At the pound, Scamp
is thrown into the same cage as Reggie. At the pre-game dance,
Anya, captain of the Russian chess team, easily seduces Shaun,
ties him up, and locks him in the school's attic, solidifying a
Russian win. At the pre-wedding party, Sarah realises that her
life with Lord Hugh would be very unhappy indeed ("What Is
Love"). At the precinct, Manuel begins to fear of being deported
when an officer wonders if the duo stole the couch, but the
policewoman lets the duo go after filing her report. At the
premiere of his newest film, The Royal Rascal, Don tells the
gathered crowd an exaggerated version of his life story,
including his motto: "Dignity, always dignity". At the press
conference, Jenny tells everyone that her boyfriend is Ryan and
that Alexis is Jason's fiancee, then walks off with Ryan. At the
prom, after a dance scene presided over by the school's resident
DJ (Usher Raymond), Mac meets Jesse and they become friends. At
the ranch, Sara takes some money and Gordon's passport so that he
can not leave the country. At the reading of their father's will,
they discover that they are bankrupt. At the reception Nick sees
Hannah but after being introduced to her new boyfriend he leaves
abruptly. At the reception, Charles finds himself seated with
several ex-girlfriends who relate embarrassing stories about his
inability to be discreet and afterwards bumps into Henrietta,
known among Charles' friends as "Duckface", with whom he had a
particularly difficult relationship. At the reception, Eli and
Tom come to realize that they have to overcome their families'
dysfunction and their own fears. At the reception, Gareth
instructs his friends to seek potential mates; Fiona's brother,
Tom, stumbles through an attempt to connect with a woman until
she reveals that she is the minister's wife, while Charles's
flatmate, Scarlett, strikes up a conversation with an American
named Chester. At the reception, Gus gives a speech accepting Ian
and the Millers as his new family. At the reception, a drunken
Lauren tells off several people, until Nick leads her away. At
the reception, the couple dances while Stifler dances with
Cadence. At the rehearsal dinner, Gretchen's bridesmaids sing a
song, while Doug's groomsmen create a slideshow of the fake
pictures they previously took, winning Gretchen over. At the
repair shop, the crew prepares to leave town since the bike has
been repaired, but they tell Johnny to say goodbye to Kathy. At
the resort in Hawaii, Danny tells Eddie he is considering asking
Palmer to marry him. At the resort's International Night, the men
and women all take miniature flags of various countries and put
them in plunger-shaped hats, then meet the person with the
identical national flag. At the restaurant he lays his cards on
the table and Leslie reassures him that she reciprocates his
feelings. At the restaurant with Betty, he decides to drug her
wine, much to the horror of the sommelier (Vincent Schiavelli).
At the restaurant, Abby is annoyed that she can't be alone with
Eddie, so she finds two other girls named Barbara Jo Wells (Jan
Conaway) and Dee Dee Waters (Robin Lory) to accompany them. At
the restaurant, Andy's friends have caught Liz up to date, with
the latest development coming four months prior. At the
restaurant, Francesca is worried about all the time Maria spends
with Max. At the restaurant, they encounter some people from
Hallerton's advertising agency, including Jackie Leighton
(Charisse), an attractive and brainy advertising person. At the
reunion, Martin mingles with his former classmates, one of whom
hands him her toddler. At the reunion, Miri attempts to seduce
her attractive former classmate Bobby Long, while Zack strikes up
a conversation with Brandon st Randy, who reveals that he is a
gay porn star, and Bobby's boyfriend. At the same time Jake has
sex with Paula and calls her Lainey. At the same time Kate
struggles with her drug addiction; while visiting Erica's house,
she rifles through a medicine cabinet and is on the verge of
stealing prescription drugs when Erica walks in on her. At the
same time Play (who also disagreed with Kid getting married)
tells Kid he is wrong for wanting to break off the marriage since
he's convinced Veda doesn't trust him. At the same time he is
bullied at work and his son is bullied at school because of his
father's hobby. At the same time, Abby the Elf delivers news that
is more distressing: Santa's own son Charlie is on the naughty
list, for acts including vandalizing the walls of the school
gymnasium with spray paint, until he is caught by Principal Carol
Newman. At the same time, Adams is showing an increasing interest
in her. At the same time, Big Frank's daughter, college student
Valerie (Shelley Fabares) also takes her spring break in
Lauderdale with her friends, which worries her father to no end.
At the same time, Brett is shown to be incredibly close to her
father; she is seen constantly explaining her situation and
asking for his advice. At the same time, Cosmo is dining with his
mistress Mona (Anita Gillette) and giving her jewelry. At the
same time, Don and Lyla talk privately and Lyla reveals she is
pregnant. At the same time, Gerry has been constantly courted by
the dashing Tony Jardine (Robert Montgomery), elder son of the
store owner. At the same time, Jessica gets a love confession
from her ex-beau and current boss Josh, who declares he's had
feelings for her for a long time. At the same time, Kristina
"Tintin" Paraiso (Arci Muñoz) a make-up artist, idealistically
dreams of a near "perfect" relationship and believes that the guy
she's going out with is about to ask her to marry him. At the
same time, Monty and Dorothy (who had been talking upstairs in
the hotel room) also decide to go to the Mauhana Room. At the
same time, Ryan and Cooze end up getting turned down by a couple
of girls they have met at the bar, Jill and Alexis, who are taken
by a couple of the midgets. At the same time, William devises his
plan to get revenge on Mike. At the same time, a campus sorority
descends on Steve's room, hoping to initiate him, and Jean
Allenwood (Jean Porter), another co-ed, shows up with news that
her parents and Dean Clinton are on their way over to inspect his
room. At the same time, advertising executive Benjamin Barry
(Matthew McConaughey) is striving for a pitch to advertise
diamonds. At the same time, easy-going carpenter Jack Fuller
(Ashton Kutcher) is fired from his job by his father, Jack, Sr.
At the same time, he has to fight for a position on the first
team. At the same time, his mother begins writing her
autobiography, A Sexual Suspect. At the same time, she is
attracted to the older, wealthy and married Edgar. At the same
time, she presents her own proposal to the real investors, who
satisfyingly take it. At the same time, the postman arrives with
Emily's COD coat and informs her that the amount due is $6140. At
the scene, Jamie is reunited with Dusty Dinkleman (Chris Klein),
a paramedic and former high school nerd who was also romantically
in love with her. At the school dance, Nathan tries to get to
second base with Dana, but only manages to offend her due to her
abstinence pledge. At the sectionals, Casey's mind is not fully
focused on the competition and she falls while attempting a
triple salchow jump. At the semi-finals, Beca provides an
impromptu back-up of one of her favorite songs into the
"traditional" song on the Bellas' set list in an attempt to
reinvigorate the crowd after they seemed to have lost interest.
At the senior prom, a jealous Greg picks a fight with Rick, who
ultimately trounces the bully in front of the entire class. At
the shop, a homeless man comes in and tells Jen that he thinks
she's really pretty, and that she's exactly who he had hoped
she'd be. At the spa, Stacy meets Nick (Stephen Shellen), a
struggling musician whom she is taken with, and also encounters
Vinny, aka the Vin Man (Andrew Dice Clay), an annoying Italian-
American man from New Jersey whom she tries to avoid. At the
start of the film, Elwell has hired a detective to investigate
Praetorius. At the stroke of midnight, Wallace is left with
Jennifer's lifeless body, while two plumes of smoke watch. At the
studio, Art starts to paint again when he is interrupted by
Gene's henchmen who found him and start beating him up, before
Gene shows up. At the studio, he does everything wrong and causes
all sorts of trouble. At the talent show, Guy launches into a
faster tempo than intended for Jimmy's ballad, "That Thing You
Do", and the band wins the competition. At the talent show,
Stephanie and the Cool Rider meet but are ambushed by the T-Birds
who pursue Michael on their respective motorcycles, with
Stephanie and the Pink Ladies following in a car. At the theatre,
Anna is openly snubbed by her former friends, one of whom makes a
deliberate scene and leaves the theatre. At the town hall,
Massimo and Mary prepare to marry but her father stops the
ceremony, realizing that the wedding is what he wants for her and
not what she wants. At the train station on his way to his
aunt's, he observes a drunk girl, standing precariously close to
the edge of the train platform as the train approaches; he pulls
her to safety just in time. At the train station, Lisa borrows a
toddler to convince the conductor that the father is abandoning
them. At the train station, she runs into Brooke and his
fiancée's brother, Tom Brand (Alan Curtis). At the urging of
Roger and Connie, who are convinced that Philip is in love with
her, Cathy goes on a date with Beasley, whom she dislikes, to
make Philip jealous. At the wedding ceremony Tony lies to Caitlin
that his family lost their fortunes which leads to her canceling
the wedding and storming off. At the wedding reception, Gus
receives a note from the ancestry site verifying that he is
indeed a descendant of Alexander the Great. At the wedding
reception, Jimmy congratulates Gretchen, who exclaims that the
wedding is a disaster because her grandmother has third degree
burns, her dad's knee is blown out, the food is bad, and she
isn't marrying the man she loves. At the wedding reception, Marni
presents her wedding gift to Will and Joanna—Hall & Oates in
person performing Will and Joanna's favorite and special song,
"Kiss on My List" (as the movie's couples, each share kisses—Will
and Joanna, Marni and Charlie, Gail and Mark, Ramona and Richie,
and Georgia forces a kiss from Tim). At the wedding rehearsal,
Jennifer's sister gives a heart felt speech, which drives
Jennifer to leave the room. At the wedding the next day, G's ill-
behaved dog tears off part of the bridal gown. At the wedding,
Jennifer's sister gives Vince the wedding vows that Jennifer has
written for him. At the wedding, Mimi overhears snobbish women
gossiping about her love life. At the wedding, Neil stalls the
proceedings with the song "Hello Again" while Darren and Sandy
reunite, Wayne and Judith (the latter being furious that her
wedding is ruined) beat each other up (as love play) andD. At the
weekly party Stevie stays in her room, claiming that she has a
migraine. At their destination, she is greeted by her father (Joe
Roberts) and two brothers (Ralph Bushman and Craig Ward); she, it
turns out, is a Canfield. At their engagement party, Alice sees a
friend hook up with a server and comes to the conclusion that she
would like to try more sexual partners before she settles down
for the rest of her life. At their first meeting the Cottons are
amused and interested by the Mortmains. At their next stop, Des
Moines, Iowa, airport officials do not allow Wyatt to board the
connecting flight. At their trial, Sherman acts as his own lawyer
and calls Porter to the witness stand, where he asks her to marry
him. At their wedding, Ashley delays her walk down the aisle to
sit briefly in the back pew, to promise Kate that she will strive
to make Henry happy. At this convent, he has sex with all of the
horny nuns, but only until Pampinea's arrival. At this meeting,
Shepherd strikes a deal with Wade: if she can secure 24 votes for
the environmental bill by the date of the State of the Union, he
will deliver the last 10 votes. At this point Anderson and Katie
establish for the final time that they want to get married, and
for the first time the whole group is in favor. At this point
Claire faints - for real this time, and is carried out of the
room. At this point Sarah has a first solo show of her work. At
this point the therapist is in a confused state of mind, as
Graham starts walking around the room with the cover over his
head. At this point, Blankman calls in J-5, his robot assistant,
to save them. At this point, Graham has already forgotten what he
was doing and decides to drive through the barrier to leave the
parking garage. At this point, Mr Bingley and Mr Darcy return to
Netherfield. At this point, Red has learned that Sam's been
stealing money from him for the past year. At this point, Stacy
is relieved that it has ended and she is determined to take a
break from men-at-large for an unspecified span of time to sort
things out in her head. At this point, it is revealed that before
Sandra untied him in 1991, he told her to invest in Google and
sponsor in João's projects, meaning that this timeline was the
original one all along. At this point, the eldest daughter
rejoins the group and is angry to learn that despite her
precautions, her fears were realized after all. At this the
marriage is called off and Danny and Leeza start over, learning
more about each other's family and culture. At this time, Georgia
reveals to Clem that she only wants Zach, before she says that
she can't believe that the future father of her child is a turkey
baster. At this time, Johnny, Ozzy, Marissa and Fernando excuse
themselves as it is a family matter. At this time, Neil and his
wife are at the country club. At times his brother Tim, visits
him. At work Michael is being called to the carpet by Trent for
loaning money without collateral when mrs Trent arrives and fixes
everything so that Roberta and Michael are engaged again. At work
one morning, an attractive young woman, Molly McCleish (Alice
Eve), arrives at the passenger terminal to board a flight to New
York City. At work, Anne Marie meets and catches the eye of Matt
Tollman (Matthew Davis), a National Football League quarterback
in Hawaii for the Pro Bowl (it is hinted that he plays for the
Minnesota Vikings). At work, Brooklyn arrives and has a fight
with John before breaking up with him; Brooklyn tells Doris later
that she had seen the comment on his wall and accused him of
cheating on her, and she admits that she was cheated on in the
past. At work, David is developing a commercial for Colonial
Airlines, owned by the rich and bullish Andrew Woolridge. At
work, Georgina's worker reveals that he understands why she left
and leaves before Zach comes in with a dozen roses. At work,
Judith receives flowers that she believes are from Brice. At
work, Nat receives a large bouquet of roses from Guy. At work,
Paula is impressed by Andy's salesmanship and promotes him to
floor manager. At work, Peter discovers that Sydney's billboard
advertising campaign was successful. At work, she rejects a date
with a younger coworker, Walter (John Livingston). Atlanta
becomes an embarrassing box office bomb, costing Albert any
assignments in Hollywood and causing Blake to desert him. Atong
decides the only kind of man good enough for his mother is a man
with a big family. Attacking with unusual energy, R feeds on the
brain of a young man named Perry. Attending a Mardi Gras
festivity, Claire recognizes Robert Latour in the crowd, and
points him out to Charles, who is quick to challenge Robert to a
duel. Attending a public school for the first time, Cady meets
new classmates Janis Ian and Damian Leigh. Attorney Alan Ward
(Paul Page) is fed up with the reckless behavior of spoiled
heiress Kay Elliott (Alice White) &ndash; the daughter of the
head of his law firm &ndash; who is in love with him. Attorney
Harold Fine (Sellers) is having second thoughts about marrying
his longtime girlfriend Joyce. Attorney Phillip Reed is tired of
one-night stands. Attracted to Helen, Tony cancels Lucky's debt
in exchange for the gallery. Aubrey Smith) and brother Claude
(Reginald Owen) are less so. Aubrey becomes furious with Beca,
who in turn quits. Aubrey does not initially approve of
recruiting Beca, but yields nonetheless due to a desperate need
for members and Beca's talent. Audrey accuses Edith of not
supporting her decision to go to Middleton, and as revenge, Edith
lies and says that she and George are taking an exclusive tour of
the campus with the university's Dean. Audrey and Conrad are then
left alone with the rest of the "cookie cutter" tour, while Edith
and George play hooky. Audrey and Conrad go to the observatory,
finding it locked. Audrey and Conrad go to their respective
meetings with professors. Audrey and Daniel then learn that the
“priest" who performed their own marriage ceremony is in fact the
Jamisons' butler, and the “weddings" he presided over at the
festival were simply romantic celebrations. Audrey and Daniel
travel to Ireland to chase down depositions, and both stay in the
castle; although Audrey, at least, is reluctant to acknowledge
their mutual attraction, they find themselves attending a
romantic Irish festival together. Audrey feels betrayed and asks
for a divorce, which Daniel agrees to give, citing his love for
her. Audrey finds out that Emerson is going on a sabbatical,
meaning he won't be able to be her advisor should she attend
Middleton. Audrey has tea with Emerson, while Conrad meets
Boneyard Sims (Peter Riegert), who runs the campus' radio
station. Audrey is shocked, though Daniel takes their apparent
marriage in his stride. Audrey reacts angrily, and Emerson warns
her that she might've crossed the line from ambition into
obsession. Audrey suggests that the two maintain the semblance of
a marriage for the sake of their careers, and Daniel moves into
the guest room of Audrey’s apartment. Audrey's friend thinks she
has breast cancer and asks Tom to feel her breasts. Auggie and
Pete rush him to the airport, where he catches Tenley before she
boards her plane. Augie visits Dick and confesses the incident
with Estelle, from whom he has just received a call informing him
that she is pregnant and leaving the area for her confinement.
Auguste marries Rodmilla de Ghent (Anjelica Huston), a wealthy
baroness with two daughters, Marguerite and Jacqueline (Elizabeth
Earl and Alice Pooley). Aunt Hetty overworks them, but Jenny is
lucky enough to find love in the form of aspiring songwriter Tom
(Hal Thompson). Aunt Lucy tells him he has to find Orville, and
recommends singing Orville's favorite song. Aunt Paula also
realizes the two are at her house, and goes there with Jeff in
order to prevent the scandal from getting worse. Aunt Ruby
reluctantly agrees to help him with his charade as does Lorne who
has no choice after Jamal reveals himself to be Juwanna. Aunt
Sally Walker (Ann Nesby), Darrin's great-aunt, attempts to defend
MaryAnn but fails, and the church's pastor, Reverend Paul Lewis
(Wendell Pierce), is too afraid of the other church members to
let her stay. Aunt Sarah takes Lady to a pet shop to get a
muzzle. Aunt Sarah's two trouble-making Siamese cats, Si and Am,
trick her into thinking that Lady attacked them with the house a
mess. Aurora Greenway (Shirley MacLaine) and Emma Greenway-Horton
(Debra Winger) are mother and daughter searching for love. Aurora
finds Garrett Breedlove (Jack Nicholson), the retired astronaut
next door. Austenland tells the story of 30-something Jane Hayes,
an average New York woman who secretly has an unhealthy obsession
with mr Darcy from the BBC adaptation of Pride and Prejudice.
Austin picks up her phone and begins a desperate search to figure
out who his "Cinderella" really is, but every girl at school
claims to be the mysterious owner of the phone. Austin, hurt by
Sam's secrecy, does not step up to defend her, and Sam leaves the
pep rally feeling devastated. Automobile engineer Ed Browne
(Sonny Tufts) comes to Washington to appear in front of the War
Construction Board. Ava (Mandy Moore) and Charlie (Kellan Lutz)
are newlyweds that have been inspired by the 30-year marriage of
Ava's parents, Bradley (James Brolin) and Betty (Jane Seymour)
when Ava decides to throw them a surprise anniversary party. Ava
also finds out that Mic has dumped her, though it was done
through Mic’s agent Sol (Larry Poindexter). Ava arrives at the
party, first mad at Jonah for not telling her he had cancer and
then says she would carry his child if he wanted. Ava flushes the
rest of the pills down the toilet and calls 9-1-1 to make it look
like a suicide. Ava is still planning the anniversary party in
secret when her mother tells her she’s leaving on a trip to Asia
in 10 days for 6 months. Ava is stunned, and leaves. Ava leaves
her own rope to help her mother, leaving Charlie suspended
without any support, which results in him falling and injuring
his back and neck. Ava quickly grabs her engagement party dress
and some miscellaneous objects. Ava scolds Charlie for his
behavior and ruining her plan which then leads to him complaining
about their sex life. Avec. Avice, now romantically involved with
Tom, asks him to bring Julia to see her perform in a play in the
hope the actress will induce her husband to cast her in a
supporting role in Julia's upcoming project. Avigal interrupts
the court and confesses to violating the laws of modesty, but
nothing more, explaining she was lonely. Avigal now accepts Dovi,
but has him drive her to Fioravante to say good bye. Awakened to
the city's issues, Darryl is inspired to become a vigilante super
hero. Awakening back in the Mead mansion in the present, Connor
accidentally destroys Paul and Sandra's (his bride-to-be) wedding
cake and unsuccessfully attempts to reconcile with Jenny. Awarded
radio personality George Harrison Apostol, known as DJ Heidee to
her listeners (Sarah Geronimo), provides love advice to people
who are having problems in their relationships. Aware of his
younger daughters' plight, Acuña begins sending orchids and
anonymous love notes to Maria to help get her in the mood. Axel
Nordstrom manages a glass-bottom boat tourist operation in the
waters of Santa Catalina Island, California. Axler checks himself
into a psychiatric hospital on the advice of his physician and
stays there for 26 days. Axler reads in the local newspaper that
Sybil has shot and killed her estranged husband. Axler refuses,
fearing another failure. Aymé played by Blanc, a recently widowed
farmer, is eager to find a new wife to help him run his farm.
Azhagusundaram allows Rahul to marry Meena. Aziz becomes ensnared
on the end of one of the plane's missiles, which Harry fires at
the passing terrorist helicopter — destroying it and the
remaining bomb on board. Aziz chases Dana onto a tower crane when
Harry arrives. Aziz preps one of the warheads to detonate in
ninety minutes, and loads the rest onto trucks to be taken
elsewhere. Aziz reveals he has smuggled stolen nuclear warheads
into the country via antique statues shipped by Juno, and
threatens to detonate them in majorS. BJ. Bab (Clark), believing
herself in possession of a small fortune, buys violets for all of
her teachers and an automobile for herself, spending the
remaining funds for its upkeep. Bab mistakes the young man
interested in her sister for a burglar and interferes with her
sister's elopement. Bab succumbs to the measles and the
revelation that Adrian is married completely shatters her
thoughts of romance, at least for the time being. Babe follows
Deeds to Mandrake Falls to win him back, but after saving her
life when she falls through the ice over a lake, he rejects her,
saying he does not really know who she is. Babe then reconciles
with and kisses Deeds after professing her love for him. Babes in
Arms opens in Seaport, Rhode Island in the 1930s. Baby and George
run off, and Susan and David mistake a dangerous leopard who was
being driven to be euthanized from a nearby circus (also
portrayed by Nissa) for Baby, and let it out of the cage. Back at
Billy's apartment, they continue to talk and drink and Gabriel
asks if he can spend the night on the couch. Back at Chris's
place, Samantha ambushes Mike and pushes him against the bathroom
wall demanding to find out Chris's location; fully aware of his
feelings, she passionately tongue kisses him until he tells her
where Chris has gone. Back at East High, Sharpay is prepared for
the last musical at East High and Troy's fellow basketball player
Jimmie receives a text from Troy to tell him to cover for him
onstage because he is going to be late. Back at Gabriel's place,
Billy and Gabriel seem to be getting closer but their rapport is
interrupted by a phone call from Gabriel's girlfriend Natalie.
Back at IBC, Frank watches final preparations before the live
show. Back at Tom's bar, Lucy has a string of bad dates. Back at
headquarters, the CIA welcomes Cody back to the team and
congratulates him for completing the mission. Back at her desk,
she is mortified about the night before, but Jack comes in and
says they are happy with Tess's idea. Back at his hotel, Harvey
experiences serious heart palpitations having had to use the
stairs as both lifts are out of order. Back at home and with
Marty's help Bob realizes that although he will always miss
Elizabeth, he "aches" for Grace. Back at home in Manhattan,
Garfield finds himself uncharacteristically despondent after his
victory, having realized he has lost his chance for a romance
with Kate. Back at home, Alejandro tells Ellie about his mother
coming to the wedding. Back at home, Andy feels terrible that he
made Melodie cry, but is happy to hear that Polly Benedict, his
old girlfriend, is coming home. Back at home, Judith and her
mother Sarah get into an argument, which leads to Sarah slapping
Judith and leaving. Back at home, Maggie runs to a formal party
with Paul, where she is confronted by Jane for being Paul's
mistress. Back at home, Samantha's parents was so upset for what
she has done and her parents told her that Top was ex-convicted
for kidnapping. Back at home, she receives a call from Vincent's
home telling her that he's a disruptive influence and abusive to
the staff, and she rushes over to clear up the error, managing to
convince them to keep Vincent as he was given a chocolate stash
that James had earlier instructed an orderly (who didn't speak
English) not to let him have more than one a day or it would
cause these outbursts. Back at school, Eddie and Paige sneak off
to the library stacks to pursue a romantic encounter. Back at
school, Samantha hears some rumors that her rival, Audrey Dela
Cruz, Red's sister has a gangster boyfriend from Pendleton High
named Top. Back at the Byrnes' household, Jack still believes
that Greg would be an unsuitable husband, as he is completely
dishonest and incompetent. Back at the Luau, Abby tells Jeff
about the rumor that Gidget sleeps around, admitting that it's a
lie and that Gidget only had one affair with a guy named
"Moondoggie". Back at the Sullivan home, Robyn is going through
Mia's old baby things when Candace returns with the kids. Back at
the airport, Jesse finally meets up with his friend and cousin
Johnny (Luis Guzman) and Ozzy (Jay Hernandez), who have come to
pick him up. Back at the cabin Cammy and Treece imply that Rich
is gay. Back at the hotel, Jackie's mother makes a deal with her
that if she completes the full period of the medical mission, she
will fund Jackie's studies in New York and give her the freedom
she desperately seeks. Back at the hotel, Miranda and Charlotte
have drinks together and discuss the difficulties of motherhood.
Back at the house, Anna is teaching Roxanna and Sarah how to cook
with moderate success. Back at the house, Mauricio is attempting
to get Anna and Edy back together by bringing over their priest,
Father Torres (Manny Sosa). Back at the house, everyone seems to
have reconciled with one another after realizing what's really
important in life. Back at the house, everyone spends time with
Mia. Back at the house, the ladies are preparing for a spa day
when Mia collapses while trying to hang a Christmas ornament.
Back at the mansion, Corkle hears one of the radio announcers
mention a saxophone hanging by the ringside and realizes Joe has
assumed Murdoch's body. Back at the motel, Jonah accidentally
breaks the syringe. Back at the police station, Dooley discovers
Number 17 in his coffee and interrogates him to find out where
Dave is going. Back at the reception, Ellie and Bebe have made
up. Back at work, Mollie is forced by her boss to continue to
work with Albert, who insists upon seeing Mikey and she agrees.
Back home Miriam explains to Hugh that she was so angry because
Victor told her that twenty years ago Hugh won her hand in a game
of craps. Back home, Al is visited by Ellie, followed by Julie.
Back home, Beauregard and Gwenn appear disappointed. Back home,
Carl breaks up with his overbearing girlfriend and Bambi is
transported to him, reuniting them. Back home, Matt browses the
Internet and finds Italian gossip sites with pictures of Lizzie
as Isabella. Back home, Reuben tries talking to Polly, but to no
avail. Back home, one of Fella's stepbrothers realizes that Fella
is the supposed "prince". Back in Atlanta, Gavin and his lawyer
meet Patricia with her lawyer, Dianne. Back in Azalea Springs,
Spencer's lover Bruce dies of AIDS-related complications. Back in
Brazil, Toninho's restaurant is floundering without Isabella.
Back in Cape Anne, during a packed town meeting, Jane learns that
Malone has ordered all his trains to bypass the town and has also
given Jane 48 hours to remove Old 97 from the track. Back in
India, Priya can't bring herself to accept a lackluster life with
Vikram. Back in Los Angeles, Doc learns that Puck Beaverton and
Bigfoot's former policing partner, Vincent Indelicato, were sworn
enemies. Back in New York, Jack tries to throw Lee's case by
acting harsh and aggressive to her and the jury. Back in New
York, Pat and Rufus plan their strategy for the upcoming Chicago
pharmacy's convention, but once again, Angela uses every tactic
to steal sales away from Twitchell's company. Back in New York,
Sophie breaks up with Victor before returning to Verona to attend
Claire and Lorenzo's wedding. Back in New York, he stages a play
of their relationship but changes the ending: now she accepts.
Back in Pittsburgh, Lawrence is confronted by both James and
Chuck, who both point to his apparent lack of interest in his
children's lives. Back in Rome, Lyda has got into more trouble
and has an urgent need to see Don. Back in Russia, she is
shunned, becoming further isolated and anxious, while Vronsky
pursues his social life. Back in his car he tells Cécile that he
is being blackmailed by Agnès' dealer, Cécile asks him to take
her to her chalet, where she confronts Pierre, she believes that
he is the drug dealer, he tells her that Manise is a wife beater.
Back in the "present day", Gump reveals to his ever-rotating bus
stop audience that he is travelling because he received a letter
from Jenny, who is now living in Savannah and had seen him on TV
during his running and invited him to visit. Back in the Indian
village, Guru Tugginmypudha tells Pitka that he has finally
learned to love himself and removes Pitka's chastity belt, as
there was a hook in the back. Back in the narrator's home, the
narrator (be it Ludwig Von Drake or Edgar Bergen) finishes his
story and cheers up his companion (be it Herman or Mortimer
Snerd), who was crying for Willie. Back in the past, young Larry
is about to leave the stadium, still upset about the loss, when
he's approached by a mysterious stranger (Mike) who reassures him
that everything will be alright. Back in the present, the old
judge still can't believe how his daughter and son-in-law ended
up together. Back on Earth again, Nicky and his friends devise a
plan to capture Adrian in a subway station, but Adrian discovers
their trick. Back on campus after the break, Alison and Walter
are obviously uncomfortable around each other. Back to the
present in the counsellor's office: Nat explains that they hit a
low point around the Christmas period, commenting that her
husband's family are weird - in particular his mother. Back to
their old school times: on their way to their first dance of the
year they go to a store that gets held up by Stacey, who
recognizes the boys and offers them a ride to the dance.
Backstage at Kitty's show, it turns out she and Brooke are old
friends who attended public school together. Backstage at the
theater, he sees a magazine featuring Leonora "Nora" Cambaretti,
an aquacade star. Backstage, Julia compliments her even-worse co-
star and barely acknowledges Avice, although she promises to tell
Michael about her. Backstage, Lee and Val fight over letting
Irving and Ivan go on despite their race. Baker asks Sylvia to
accompany him to a party but withdraws when Bill expresses his
own interest in her. Baker, who has also heard Sylvia, intervenes
by  firing Lili and engaging Sylvia for the part. Baldwin (Jean
Arthur) and ms Davis (Ruth Donnelly) are owners and instructors
of the Supreme Secretarial School. Ball, Ballgown, and Curfew:
The number of balls varies, sometimes one, sometimes two, and
sometimes three. Ballani somehow manages to get to the island,
and then local girl Katie's (Kelly Macdonald) mother alerts the
press (for money). Balraj and Jaya fall quickly in love, but
misunderstandings and interference by others prolong their
courtship. Bang Bang takes this opportunity to quit working for
the Brothers Bloom; as soon as she leaves, her car explodes,
leaving Penelope and Bloom uncertain whether she was caught in
the blast or faked her death. Banker Christopher Price (Dick
Foran) from the humdrum town of Keetoosen, Ohio, is happily
married to Mary (Claudette Colbert), and the couple are just
about to go to New York on their second honeymoon. Banky also
leaves the apartment, instantly ending their friendship. Banky
gestures over to a booth hosted by Alyssa, and provides wordless
encouragement to Holden to go talk to her. Banky investigates and
uncovers dirt on Alyssa's past, and he reports to Holden that
Alyssa participated in a threesome with two guys during high
school, which gave her the nickname "Finger Cuffs". Banky smiles
sadly at seeing his old friend, who silently congratulates him
for his success on his own comic. Barb tells Stacy that her
actions were not premeditated, goes on to call the "event" a
masterpiece and says that she hopes Stacy will one day understand
that she got what she wanted: her life back. Barbara Blanchard,
the daughter of rags-to-riches divorced oilman Jim Blanchard, is
going to marry Count Michael Montaine. Barbara Jane also feels
guilty that she did not "get it". Barbara Jane is determined to
make it work, so she attendsEAT. Barbara Jane is not a follower
ofEAT, and Shake is warned by his leader Bismark that "mixed
marriages don't work". Barbara appears to be immediately
infatuated with this man who seemingly has no idea who she is, in
contrast to men who now avoid her, viewing her as the enemy since
the publication of her book. Barbara catches him and is shocked.
Barbara claims to be Bob's wife, and Midge backs her up, so Bob
is forced to take her along. Barbara continues asserting control
over him, insisting that cleaning his own apartment, a task Jon
finds satisfying, is not something she is comfortable with him
doing. Barbara disapproves, and plans to marry Ronnie, but Pierre
whisks her away in a speedboat. Barbara is a narcissist, who
hates men after being sexually assaulted as a young girl by an
albino one-legged hypnotherapist. Barbara is featured in the
newspaper for stopping a rare book thief and saving the Gutenberg
Bible for the City of New York. Barbara later checks the browser
history on Jon's computer, confronts him with proof that he has
continued viewing pornography, and ends their relationship.
Barbara realizes that she does not want love or him as she has
become a real "down with love" girl. Barbara reveals she has been
bitten and dies after giving Liz and Shaun her blessing. Barbara
says she asked one thing of him and he failed. Barbara sets out
for Los Angeles to meet her father's yacht. Barbara starts
promoting her book with Vikki's help, and things take off when
they get Judy Garland to sing the song "Down with Love" as a
promotion to the book on The Ed Sullivan Show. Barbara's mother
(Marion Ballou) persuades her husband to give Pierre a job in his
chewing-gum factory in the States. Barbara, enjoying her control
over Bernard's emotions, teases him and later tries to seduce
him, but he can't perform and is upset about it though Barbara
seems to be understanding and even invites him to move in with
her. Barely meeting the deadline Cora has set for the song's
delivery, Alex and Sophie are thrilled when she accepts it;
however, at a celebratory dinner with Alex's manager Chris (Brad
Garrett) Sophie is mortified to encounter Sloan. Barkis
interrupts them, and Emily recognizes him as her former fiance -
who is revealed to be the one who murdered her for her dowry.
Barkis tries to kidnap Victoria at sword point, but Victor stops
him and the two men duel. Barney Google and Sparkplug the horse
do not appear in the film. Barney and Howard follow Andy to the
shed, and Andy makes it look like Barney plotted to make Butler
overconfident and force his hand. Barney slips through the bars,
steals the keys, and unlocks the cell. Barney tells Andy that he
decided to run for sheriff because nobody else would, and then
his opponent Ben Woods decided to run shortly afterward. Barney
tells Betty he loves her, and they get back together. Baron Georg
Marissey, Katrina's husband and another member of parliament,
later informs them that a vote of confidence was held after they
left; the Count lost and will have to resign as Prime Minister.
Baroque buys a supply of ostrich feathers from Sherwood's crony
Joe Ward (Hugh Herbert) and starts a fashion rage. Barrie tries
to meet her boat as it arrives in New York City, but she avoids
him and absconds to the country home of her friend, Irene
Burroughs (Rose Hobart). Barry Egan is a single man who owns a
company that markets themed toilet plungers and other novelty
items. Barry and the youngest brother, Pat ask to temporarily
move in with Jack, to which he reluctantly agrees. Barry decides
to move in with Audrey and take their relationship to the next
level. Barry decides to tell Lena about his phone-sex episode and
begs her for forgiveness, pledging his loyalty and to use his
frequent-flier miles to accompany her on all future business
trips. Barry shows no interest in a long-term relationship, until
he meets Audrey, a woman whom he accuses of "stealing" an
apartment that he was trying to rent for himself. Barry surprises
her several times throughout the movie with touching and
thoughtful gestures, which of course win her over in the end.
Barry travels to the mattress store in Provo, Utah, to confront
Dean face to face. Barry, a 35-year-old Jewish dentist is a
perfectionist with high expectations for his perfect partner.
Bart and Liz can't stop talking about everything, he plays with
her dog and even invites her to Manny's studio when he's not in,
pretending to show her his art. Bart and Liz instantly hit it off
while Gene still tries to romance Betty. Bart needs to "confront"
Art in a study alone, with Liz and Gene listening outside -and,
unbeknownst to anyone, also by Betty through the phone. Bart then
go see Liz, telling her a fake excuse to "go back to Italy"
(which she of course doesn't buy), adding he's not worthy of her.
Based on a story by Ernst Marischka, the film is about an
Hungarian woman who attends a Viennese fair and buys a card from
a gypsy fortune teller which says she will meet someone important
and is destined for a happy marriage. Basically the story is
based on his lovestory with Rhea. Basil Underwood and Joyce Arden
are an egotistical acting team known for their romantic scenes on
stage and fiery temperaments off. Basil initially assumes he
wants to buy condoms, then when Alan says he wants batteries
Basil - still assuming it must be sex-related - tells him that is
"disgusting". Basil quietly creeps downstairs in his underwear
and hits 'the burglar' over the head with a frying pan. Basil
soon notices strange going-ons between the Lloyds, Jean, Alan,
and Polly. Basil, feeling shocked and stupid for his actions,
argues with Sybil about apologising to them, saying sarcastically
"No, no, I suppose it's all my fault, isn't it. Bassett rejects
him too and he comes home dejectedly. Bates calls him a fool, but
after a while, he too becomes dissatisfied with New York and goes
to see his friend. Bates has Gladys pretend to be "Eve", the
leader of a group of nudists. Bates has always bragged about his
close friendship with powerful theater impresario Merle Farrell.
Bates informs the reporters that she will be starring in
Farrell's show. Bates promises to make Teresita a star, but it
soon becomes clear that Farrell has never heard of him. Bates
rushes onstage and has her drop her pretense and sing a modern
song. Batiste is a bachelor and wants to see Paul a happy
benedict. Baxter (Kristin Chenoweth) is a headstrong and popular
New York City publicistJ. Baxter again takes responsibility for
Fran's actions, and Karl punches him twice in the face.
Beauregard Bottomley (Ronald Colman) is an unemployed PhD
physicist who lives in Los Angeles with his piano-instructor
sister Gwenn (Barbara Britton) and the alcohol-guzzling parrot of
the film's title, Caesar (Mel Blanc, voice). Beauregard and Gwenn
live in a bungalow court, surrounded by books. Beauregard answers
incorrectly, to the tremendous relief of Waters and the
disappointment of the crowd. Beauregard has become ill with a
cold, and Flame insinuates herself into the Bottomley household
as Beauregard's nurse, pretending to be a member of his fan club.
Beauregard is an omnivorous reader, and is highly knowledgeable
on virtually any subject - except, as he admits, how to hold a
job. Beauregard is contemptuous of television and what he deems
as its anti-intellectual nature, after seeing Masquarade for
Money. Beauregard obtains word of a mysterious job opportunity at
the Milady Soap Company. Bebe says she forgives them but then
punches him in the face. Beca joins alongside a group of other
women who do not fit the Bellas' typical mold: Cynthia-Rose
(Ester Dean), Stacie Conrad (Alexis Knapp), Lilly Onakuramara
(Hana Mae Lee), and Fat Amy (Rebel Wilson). Beca then apologizes
to the Bellas for her actions during the semi-finals and asks to
have another chance, which Aubrey eventually allows. Because
Frank is too busy to take the injured Simon to Baltimore himself,
Melvin reluctantly agrees to do so – Frank lends Melvin the use
of his Saab 900 convertible for the trip. Because I know who I
am". Because Leslie helped Scott recover in such a short amount
of time, many teams offered her the position as an athletic
trainer. Because Madea is a repeat offender, the judge places her
under house arrest and sets a $5,000 property or cash bond for
Helen. Because Wessex thinks that Will is Kit Marlowe, he
approves of Kit's death, and tells Viola the news. Because he
lacks funds, he is far behind his number one rival George
Stringer. Because he still loves her, Jerry complies, helping him
directly at one point, then colliding with Tommy so that Richard
does win the event. Because his father drives a cab, however,
Daniel knows how to cajole the gondolier into accepting what they
have. Because of Katherine and Devlin's long-time rivalry,
Katherine introduces Danny as her husband rather than admit she
is a single mother. Because of a family emergency she is required
to go home to her legal guardian, Dane Kittridge (Dick Simmons).
Because of an encounter with the wild and drunken millionaire
members of the Ale and Quail hunting club, Gerry loses all her
luggage; after making do with clothing scrounged from other
passengers, she is forced to accept Hackensacker's extravagant
charity. Because of her illness she couldn't play much with other
children. Because of her new situation, Samantha ends up seeing a
few of dr Rosenberg's other patients, including eccentric
magazine salesman Henry (David Arquette). Because of his
intoxication Johnny gets into a quarrel with a police officer in
the street. Because of praise from the press, the studio is
forced to release the film (Weidmann's plan all along, this
include ruining Gwen's career and reviving Eddie's). Because of
telephone complaints from high-ranking politicians in the area
about the alarm, they turn it completely off. Because of the
heiress fortune the news immediately makes the tabloids. Because
of the impending end of his contract, Scott undergoes a "de-
Santafication process" that gradually turns him back into Scott
Calvin. Because of the obvious chemistry between them, they end
up sleeping together. Because of this, Henry, Marlin and Doug
show Lucy the tape every morning and help her spend her days by
picking up where the tape says she left off. Because of this,
Tootie and Timmy plan to start a charity organization in which
they will make wishes that will mend all of the world's problems
or travesties, flying away in a magical van. Because of this, the
missionary is publicly disgraced and the marriage cancelled.
Because she has fallen in love with him, she uses the same
machine to turn herself into a 14-year-old (Amy Hathaway), which
enables her to be with Danny. Because she married an
international playboy, Ellie Andrews (June Allyson) is kidnapped
by her own father, Texas cattleman Andrews (Charles Bickford).
Because she technically is not supposed to know anyone outside of
Lynnfield, he coerces her into hiring him as a gardener, thus
scandalizing her aunts and providing Rebecca Perry with ample
information for gossip. Because the two "twin brothers" must
never be in the same place at the same time, it however involves
a lot of running around, coming up with a lot of excuses and
enlisting a very reluctant Gloria's help. Because they can no
longer go back to the hotel, they join a local bicycle race to
escape Verona. Because they sing their own songs (a rarity for
queens), they are hired, and their variety show (at first titled
What a Drag (Pun Intended. Because they thinkJ. Becca stands up
to Travis, who is immediately knocked down by Crawl who reveals
he majored in karate for two semesters at school. Becca tries to
interject the truth about Crawl's proposal, but he stops her,
saying they hadn't yet decided on a wedding date and they want to
wait a little bit before making the decision; hinting he intends
to legitimately propose to Rebecca, and having a proper
relationship the Warners will respect. Becker, a hotshot American
marketing executive (played by Roberts) from The Coca-Cola
Company visits their Australian operations and tries to figure
out why a tiny corner of Australia (the fictional town of
Anderson Valley) has so far resisted all of Coke's products.
Becky takes the opportunity to make a move on Newton, and asks
whether all of Gwen's elaborate stories were real. Bedford Falls
is named Pottersville and is a less congenial place. Bedlam's
trap is sprung, and the energy that gave Jenny her powers is
drained back into the meteorite, incapacitating Jenny. Beery
catches him and the two battle by tossing boulders at each other
from afar, with Keaton and Leahy on a cliff together. Beery
challenges him to a chariot race after a hard snow — Keaton wins
by using sled dogs instead of horses. Beezy (George Breakston),
Andy’s friend, asks Andy to date Cynthia (Lana Turner), Beezy’s
girlfriend, while Beezy is out of town over the Christmas holiday
period, so that she will avoid other men. Beezy promises to pay
Andy $8 plus 50 cents a week for expenses for his efforts. Beezy
wrote saying he found a new girlfriend so he wasn’t going to pay
Andy for dating Cynthia. Before Chucky begins the incantation,
Tiffany distracts Chucky, then unsuccessfully attempts to kill
him. Before Claude leaves, he informs Crystal that her butler has
a crooked past (without revealing they are brothers), but she
refuses to discharge him (without revealing he is actually in
possession of the premises). Before Donald can, Isabelle asks
Donald out for lunch. Before Elizabeth can fetch her katana and
behead him, Darcy surprises her by proposing marriage. Before
Frankie can pull the corner stool out of the way which was
inappropriately placed on its side by Frankie's assistant, Maggie
lands hard on it, breaking her neck and leaving her a ventilator-
dependent quadriplegic. Before Helen can respond, she sees the
shooting on the news and goes to the hospital with Brian. Before
Lyda leaves, Don confronts her on a train, but she is unmovable,
finally saying she may return to Italy later. Before Michael
leaves, he tells Stephanie that he will see her at the school
talent show, in which the Pink Ladies and T-Birds are performing.
Before Nestor is arrested, Moustache advises him not to reveal
that Lord X was a fabrication. Before Santiago can kill him
through Derek, Emily finds and subdues him, disabling the mind
control software and rescuing theS. Before Simon leaves to go
back to the United States he comes to see Cassandra. Before Sno
Blo is buried, the members of her band have a photo shoot with
her at her grave side. Before Victor and Alexandra come together
as a couple, there are (of course) further misunderstandings and
fisticuffs and the like. Before Wai-Tung's parents arrive, Simon
tells Wei-Wei everything she needs to know about Wai-Tung's
habits, body, and lifestyle, and the three take down all
homosexual content from their house and replace it with
traditional Chinese scrolls. Before Will left Wisconsin, Emily
asked Will to deliver a package to her former roommate, Summer
Hartley, who is living in New York City. Before anything more
happens, the police arrive. Before arriving, d'Artagnan is
compelled to assault and nearly kill the Comte de Wardes, a
friend of the Cardinal, cousin of Rochefort and Milady's lover.
Before departing, Peabody Sr. Before dying of a heart attack just
as Auguste leaves for business, his last words are directed to
Danielle, which causes Rodmilla to envy Danielle and mistreat her
for the next ten years. Before getting on the plane and during
the flight, she begins to show regret for planning to marry him.
Before going on stage, Dixie and Eddie meet Danny, who reveals to
them the barbarity which is spreading among his comrades. Before
hanging up, Elliot asks Paula to have his prized guitar restrung,
which he had deliberately left at the apartment, and she realizes
this as further proof that he will indeed return and that he
really does love her. Before he can contact her, however, she
leaves for London. Before he can jump, Clarence dives into the
river just before George does, causing George to rescue Clarence
rather than killing himself. Before he can make it across the
basketball court, he spots Ellen in the arena. Before he can read
her note, she arrives and explains that she had simply returned
to Kansas to deliver Arthur to her siblings so she and Mickey can
be alone and repair their marriage. Before he can, Celine decks
O'Reilly, runs into the woods, and knocks Jackson out with a
shovel. Before he departs, Marlin tells him that Lucy is now
living at the brain institute and teaching an art class. Before
he gets into the stadium, Pat gets involved in a fight when some
racist fans harass the Indian fans there including his therapist
dr Patel, and is hauled away by the police. Before he has a
chance to get inside the house again, a passing police man
discovers him hiding in the bushes. Before he leaves, Crash
further sparks Annie's interest with a memorable speech listing
the things he "believes in", ending with "I believe in long,
slow, deep, soft, wet kisses that last three days. Before he left
and unbeknownst to Paula, Tony subleased the apartment to Elliot
Garfield (Richard Dreyfuss), a neurotic but sweet aspiring actor
from Chicago, who shows up in the middle of the night expecting
to move in. Before heading home, Scamp apologizes to Tramp for
running away, while Tramp concedes that he could loosen up a
little. Before heading to Earth, he tries to take off his
uniform, but knocks the horn down to Earth, causing him to dive
into the purple cloud hole and catch it before it lands into the
ocean, but loses it after getting hit by an airplane and sucked
into the engines. Before her first fight, Frankie leaves Maggie
with a random manager in his gym, much to her dismay; upon being
told by Scrap that said manager deliberately put her up against
his best girl (coaching the novice to lose) to give her an easy
win, Frankie rejoins Maggie in the middle of the bout and coaches
her instead to an unforeseen victory. Before his grandfather's
100th birthday celebration, two of Rahul's friends invite him to
accompany them on a vacation in Goa, which he accepts. Before
jumping she notices an open window and decides to go inside.
Before landing in London, he offers her the use of a deluxe suite
in a luxury hotel at his company's expense in exchange for a
lunch date the following day. Before leaving Binion's they are
attracted to the lounge by the singing voice of Diana, who is
immediately charmed by their appreciation of her singing. Before
leaving for "Easy Street", Charlie uses his miracle in the form
of a passionate kiss (which Sasha does not take kindly to) to
grant Sasha the ability to converse with David. Before leaving to
go audition for the record deal, Courtney shows up. Before
leaving, Peter takes down a naked picture of Rachel from a local
bar despite enduring a beat-down from the owner. Before leaving,
she states that she loves him, but she will not be his "whore".
Before long she is rearranging his small apartment and
unintentionally making him increasingly uncomfortable as she
imposes herself in his life. Before long, Miranda has gotten to
know a number of other Nashville transplants who are looking to
land a gig or sell a song, including sweet and open-hearted Kyle
Davidson, moody but talented James Wright, and spunky Linda Lue
Linden. Before long, Norval is arrested on 19 different charges,
and then he finds himself on the run as an escaped prisoner.
Before long, her husband has convinced her to return home, and
Jake finally admits he and Isabella have no future together.
Before returning home to celebrate his promotion with Molly, Carl
stops by the bar, where he finds Neil and Dupree. Before saying
goodbye Diamond comforts Daniel with the knowledge that the court
is not infallible and just because Foster won it doesn't mean
she's right. Before she can bite him, paramedics break into the
station and reveal the virus is not contagious. Before she can
explain the situation to Jack, he is publicly humiliated when he
and all of the other guests inadvertently hear the recording.
Before she can spill the news, Osh fakes a fall from the second
story, claims an injured leg, and insist that his wife help him
get home. Before she can turn away, Olivia and Sophie come to the
door, revealing that they are Graham's young daughters. Before
she dies, Christian and Satine affirm their love and she tells
him to write their story. Before she leaves with her father for
America, she insists on spending an hour of passion with him.
Before she leaves, she is recruited by what she believes is a
branch of the American government and asked to smuggle a
prototype explosive mine out of the country. Before she moves to
Paris, he runs after her at the airport and describes the family
they had in the alternate universe in an effort to win back her
love. Before she passes out she reveals she married the equally
drunk wealthy playboy Stephen Cormack during the night. Before
successfully seducing the man, she rips her dress in several
places to make herself more sultry. Before tensions get high
between Ryan and the rival pitcher and teammate Van Leemer (Corey
Pearson), Brubaker (Matthew Lillard) ushers him off to meet some
ladies nearby, one of them being Tenley. Before the ambulance
leaves, Sarah runs out to Anna and hands her all of Edy's
medications since she's the only one who knows how serious his
health is. Before the ball, Fella is turned into a handsome
prince. Before the birth happens, we flashback to the events that
led to her becoming pregnant. Before the brides enter their
respective venues, they share a moment of reconciliation as they
both smile at each other. Before the ceremony begins, Mike sees
Alicia (Sanaa Lathan). Before the doors close, James tells Helen
to cheer up, and repeats his line, "You know what the Monty
Python boys say. Before the ensuing row develops too far they
spot the notes Gilda has left for them both. Before the fight
starts, a lone mysterious (unnamed) biker appears (who is Michael
in disguise), defeats the enemy gang and disappears into the
night ("Who's That Guy. Before the final play of the game, he
sees Sam making her way out of the stands, and finally stands up
to his father, saying he wants to attend Princeton rather than
simply play football all his life. Before the group leaves for
home, there is a final fashion show. Before the last show, with
the prize stakes at $20 million, Beauregard and Gwenn decide to
test each other's romantic partners and respective engagements.
Before the love-making starts, Cristina suddenly falls ill with
digestive complaints, and is put to bed, with food poisoning.
Before the man in black reaches the top of the cliff, a flashback
of Inigo's past in the novel reveals that he is seeking revenge
on a six-fingered man who killed his father. Before the meeting,
one colleague steals Nat's wedding ring, believing that the
account will have a better chance of success if she appears
single. Before the newspaper men arrive, Ann's two aunts show up
and attempt to force Gilly to marry their niece. Before the night
is over, Lauren passes out from drinking too much champagne, and
Paul brings her brack to her hotel and creates a scene, which
makes it looks as if they have slept each other. Before the
party, Mike convinces his fellow jock friends to dump their
girlfriends and remain single as they go to college. Before the
party, when Tess suffers a panic attack, her friend Cynthia (Joan
Cusack) gives her a valium from Katharine's bathroom. Before the
scene closes, Willie notices The Brown Derby restaurant and picks
up the building searching for any sign of Mickey and since the
restaurant looks like a hat, places it on his head, and stomps
off with the HOLLYWOOD lights blinking in the background. Before
the school's homecoming football game, Sam confronts Austin about
his cowardice and not defending her at the pep rally. Before the
show begins, Brodie receives advice on romance from Stan Lee, who
was visiting the mall. Before the situation can worsen, the
police arrive and arrest the criminals. Before the start of the
race, Thorndyke persuades Wu to make a wager with him on its
outcome. Before the trip, Noah asks Piper out on a date, to which
she agrees, although she says she has some things to tell him
first. Before the wedding Greg appears and convinces Mark that he
has not missed his chance with Anna. Before the wedding starts,
Steve takes Fran for a walk and asks her if they’re doing the
right thing. Before the wedding, Zooey sees Peter looking
forlorn, clearly missing his friend Sydney. Before the wedding, a
trio of outlaws—the Sicilian criminal genius Vizzini, the Spanish
fencing master Inigo Montoya, and the enormous and mighty Turkish
wrestler Fezzik—kidnap Buttercup. Before the wedding, however, a
wealthy professional gambler, Tommy Korman (Caan), sees Betsy and
notices a striking resemblance to his beloved late wife. Before
their performance begins, Darrin tells Lilly that she inspired
him to name the choir The Fighting Temptations. Before they board
the train, Joe and Jerry notice Sugar Kane (Marilyn Monroe), the
band's vocalist and ukulele player. Before they can consummate
the marriage, Catherine is given orders to report back to
headquarters to be shipped back to the United States in the
morning. Before they can learn where the second piece is, Dawg
appears. Before they can leave Alain is assaulted by thugs.
Before they can leave, Randy is contacted by Mark Willows, who
runs a Wall Street financial organization that Randy's father
founded. Before they can leave, however, the jewelry store is
robbed, and suspicion falls on Dockweiler who is arrested for the
theft. Before they can make it far an assassin tries to run them
over with a car, saving Kelly the lawyers split ways long enough
for Logan to go on his way pursuing the assassin who fights back
but fails to kill Logan since he is hit by a taxi, taking this
opportunity Logan steals the man's wallet with information he had
taken from them through a bug while Kelly comes to his rescue in
Logan's car that she barely manages to drive there since she does
not know how to drive. Before they do so, Jack uses a quarter Joy
gives him in a slot machine. Before they do, Lee catches them
kissing and is happy for the two. Before they head to the park to
meet another autistic group, he tells one member, Gracie (Rusty
Schwimmer), to gather the women and he'll gather the guys to
practice telling personal stories, but keeps getting distracted
by performing mathematical sums of the microwaves' depleting
numbers. Before they know it, the couple are fleeing cross-
country, being chased by customs men. Before they leave, he shows
her a surprise gift he left her to be opened when they return.
Before they leave, however, he criticizes Germaine for her bad
acting, infuriating her. Before they leave, their maid gives Nora
a box left by their father. Before they part, they exchanged
numbers and agreed to meet in Manila. Before they return to the
tree, Jennifer asks to watch Wallace's torment. Before things go
too far, Alison realizes her mistake and begins to fill with
guilt. Before this happens, though, he manages to help the twins
out of their trouble. Before this, Anna had told Vronsky that she
is pregnant with his child. Before waking, she sees brief visions
of the alternate Helen's life in a dream. Before work, Wesley
picks up his delinquent younger brother, Walter (Brian White),
who lost his driver’s license after a string of DUIs. Beforehand,
he and Lorraine share thoughts about their life together, and she
condemns him for his treatment of her. Befriended by kindly
Senator Powell, he comes up with a suggestion that saves a
company a considerable amount of time and money, impressing both
Ellen and the senator, who turns out to be the famed engineer,
traveling incognito. Beginning in West Germany in 1982, 18-year-
old school boy Helmut falls in love with fellow pupil Britta.
Beginning on their wedding day, it follows both their lives, but
more so Jake's, with his voice-over commentaries and several
imaginary scenes, based on actual or feared future events.
Beginning with Bill's injury from a native's rice knife, all of
the predictions eventually come to pass. Beginning with Emma's
marriage, Aurora reveals how difficult and caring she can be.
Being a classic car buff, he's shocked to find that he owns a
collection of priceless antique automobiles. Being a marriage
counselor, Ava tries and starts to obsess over fixing her
parents' marriage so much that it starts to affect her
relationship with Charlie. Being afraid of damaging his piano
hands, Eric is convinced to buy an insurance for himself before
he starts the building repairs. Being crushed with what love
really is, he learns from his father that the parents' marriage
fell apart because of things left unsaid. Being married prevents
her from acting on that, so she asks her friend, Emily, to look
Tom up when she goes to Denver, and to sleep with him, then tell
Kathy what it was like. Being raped causes Nola to have an
epiphany: realizing that promiscuity has turned Jamie against
her, she decides to call Jamie's bluff. Being the conniving
fellow that he is, Morley contacts Helen (now living as Patrice)
and forces her into wedlock. Being the only one of the three to
be married, he believes that after 35 years of marriage, their
parents have to have at least some love for each other, and that
there is always a chance to salvage what remains of their
marriage and he says all this while in his underwear (humorous
scene). Being too afraid to follow up on it, he goes away and
convinces his friends to go along with him. Believing David to be
lucky, Jean asks him to partner with her on a ticket for the
Irish Sweepstakes. Believing Peter has deserted her, Ellie
telephones her father, who agrees to let her marry Westley.
Believing Westley dead, Buttercup sinks into abject despair,
declaring, "I will never love again". Believing he has been hurt,
Porter rushes back to him, and they are reconciled. Believing he
lied about giving Irene up, she angrily smashes the painting over
his head. Believing her father has broken his promise, Anna
eludes her protectors with Gabrielle's help. Believing herself to
be turning into a zombie, she asks Ryan to leave her behind and
wait for help, but he refuses to abandon her, instead offering to
himself to her as zombie food. Believing his family dead, Zach
packs his bags, and prepares to leave the state. Believing it is
James' child, she goes to see him at his office. Believing she is
finally free, Anna jumps into the Vltava River naked, mistaking
it for the Danube, and she and Ben climb a rooftop to watch an
Offenbach opera being shown in a plaza. Believing that Leeza did
not pursue their relationship because of his being blind, Danny
becomes depressed and stops taking the necessary tests for his
brain surgery. Believing that Odette is dead, Uberta encourages
her son to find another princess. Believing that Ray's soul still
inhabits the doll, Tiffany crudely stitches Chucky back together
and reenacts the voodoo ritual which had instilled Ray's soul
inside the doll ten years ago. Believing that Veronica is in love
with him, Jimmy rents a tuxedo for his big date. Believing that
Will died he comes up behind her to tell her he forgot something
asJ. Believing that he is Alonzo Grant, entertainment lawyer to
the stars, Jhnelle asks Derrick out on a date. Believing that he
is a wealthy plantation owner, she flirts with him. Believing
that he thinks that she doesn't keep the house nice, Isabelle
spites Donald by keeping the pets uncaged, much to Donald's shock
when he returns, and she maintains extroverted behavior and tells
of her off-the-wall plans for the house. Believing that her job
is to protect Henry, Kate proceeds to harass Ashley (who is the
only one who can see or hear Kate). Believing that she cannot
speak English, he spills out his sob story about Becky and the
abandoned house. Believing that they are going to die, Joan re-
examines her frivolous life with great regret. Believing the land
is worth a fortune, he persuades the family to sell it to him for
$125,000 and convinces them Henry was trying to scam them. Belle
(Sivan Levy) a patient staying at Tel Aviv Psychiatric Hospital
is released into the care of her mother (Florence Bloch), yet
after learning that her parents got rid of her pet 'Fred' she
runs away. Belle is immediately smitten by Joe and talks her into
allowing her to go to 'Dark Eighties' together, although she
still carries the razor around with her. Belle sexually
propositions a man with a car who follows her into an alley where
she knocks him out and steals his car keys. Belle wakes up when
Matan kisses her feet and she pulls out the gun, he tries to talk
her into giving him the gun but she just shoots him instead.
Belle, Willie and the Professor are all in attendance.
Belvedere", Jim nearly succeeds in keeping the activities a
secret, until Michelle's mother opens a closet door and is
shocked to find Kevin inside, stripped to his boxers and tied to
a chair. Bemused by this unexpected kiss, Michael asks her out,
but he learns that she has a very specific vision of her ideal
man ("Cool Rider"). Ben Holmes (Affleck) is a "blurb" writer
responsible for writing the short introductions on the sleeves of
hardcover books. Ben Lewis (Timothy Dowling), groomed to be a
doctor from childhood, spends his days inspecting the most
intimate part of the female anatomy, but for some reason has no
idea how to deal with women on any sort of social level. Ben
Stone (Seth Rogen) is laid-back and sardonic. Ben and Pete decide
to go on a road trip to Las Vegas. Ben arrives just as Anna is
being strapped into the harness, and insists on jumping with her.
Ben begins an investigation into Frank, and eventually discovers
that he was once married to a Maria Gonzalez. Ben calls him and
leaves a furious voicemail, threatening murder. Ben decides that
the best available option is to try to get Sam and Suzy aboard a
crabbing boat anchored off the island so that Sam can work as a
crewman and avoid Social Services, but before leaving he performs
a "wedding" ceremony, which he admits is not legally binding. Ben
disagrees, noting the differences between his and Missy's sex-
based relationship and Jason and Julie's long-lasting friendship.
Ben discovers that the gynecologist they had been seeing (Loudon
Wainwright) is out of town, despite having assured them that he
never took vacations. Ben discovers that they have boarded a
Venice-bound train going in the opposite direction from Berlin.
Ben discovers the microphone/transmitter but does not tell Sadie,
for fear she will accuse him of lying and planting the bug
himself. Ben expects a fight, but Hank explains that though he
can't give Lou what Ben can, he's still a better man for her. Ben
however disagrees with this, and decides to go to Jamaica. Ben is
soon pardoned from community service for saving Hogue, allowing
him to head to California for his job interview. Ben rescues her,
and Anna and her family return to the United States. Ben returns
to Grady, hoping to patch things up with Lou, who takes him back.
Ben seeks advice from his friend Joel, who advises him to give up
on Sadie, saying that there are other women like her out there.
Ben soon confides to her that he grew up in a small town in rural
Indiana, where his parents lived and died, and how he can't see
himself confined to a small town. Ben soon finds the clinic work
is more laid-back than the emergency room to which he is used
with simple cases, such as spots before the eyes of an elderly
patient not cleaning her glasses, fishing hook impaling and even
reading mail for a young illiterate couple, Kyle and Mary Owens,
whose baby he later delivers. Ben stays with her despite
everything, and after coming very close to breaking up they
attend couples counseling, led by Andie's friend Michelle. Ben
then confronts Frank over Maria Gonzalez, believing him to be a
hypocrite. Ben then starts to call Will "Dewey" (just as other
students did at his old school), which stands for "DWI" ("Driving
While Intoxicated"). Ben works at Fort Lebanon, a larger Khaki
Scout summer camp located on st Jack Wood Island and run by
Commander Pierce, who is Ward's boss and views Ward as
incompetent. Ben writes his vows on the sands of the beach to
impress Sadie and they reconcile, and Frank marries them there.
Ben's rival co-workers, Judy Spears (Michael Michele) and Judy
Green (Shalom Harlow), who were at Composure magazine earlier and
are aware of Andie's new assignment, conspire to have Andie and
Ben meet that night and start their quests. Ben, Zach's friend,
comes over to check on Georgina and the two begin to talk about
how awkward the situation was just as the doorbell rings.
Benjamin (Chestnut) is an aspiring songwriter who attempts to
break into the music business by giving a copy of his recording
track of a Christmas album to a rap artist named J-Jizzy (Charles
Murphy). Benjamin (Jacques Brel) is a country doctor in love with
the beautiful innkeeper's daughter, Manette, but she refuses his
advances until he produces a marriage contract. Benjamin Mee
(Matt Damon) is still grieving the loss of his wife and dealing
with the expulsion of his 14-year-old son, Dylan (Colin Ford),
from school, and decides to make a restart by buying a new house.
Benjamin Stone is a promising young surgeon working in
Washington,C. Benjamin borrows Jamal's jacket, pretends to drop
it off at the cleaners, tells Nancy that she's a very attractive
woman (granting her wish), and leaves. Benjamin discovers that
his wife bequeathed him an investment account, with instructions
to use the money wisely while listening to his heart. Benjamin
gives his son advice using his favorite principle, that you only
need 20 seconds of courage to achieve great things. Benjamin
initially rebuffs her but a few days later after his scuba
demonstration on his birthday, he clumsily organizes a tryst at
the Taft hotel. Benjamin is coerced inside to have a drink and
mrs Robinson attempts to seduce him. Benjamin manages to keep the
guests at bay by using a large cross and jamming it into the
doors of the church. Benjamin pursues her there and tries to talk
to her. Benjamin realizes that instead of trying to start over by
forgetting his wife, he should accept that she will always be a
part of him. Benjamin spends the remainder of the summer drifting
around in the pool by day, purposefully neglecting to select a
graduate school, and seeing mrs Robinson at the hotel by night.
Benjamin takes Elaine on a date but tries to sabotage it by
ignoring her, driving recklessly and taking her to a strip club.
Benjamin takes his children to the restaurant where he met their
mother, explaining that it was the point where their existence
became a possibility. Benjamin visits Carl’s fraternity brothers
who tell him that the wedding is in Santa Barbara, California
that very morning. Benjamin's brother, Duncan (Thomas Haden
Church), tries to dissuade him from the purchase, but Benjamin
buys it anyway. Benjamin, visibly uncomfortable as his parents
deliver accolades and neighborhood friends ask him about his
future plans, evades those who try to congratulate him. Benji and
Zack continue to bond, including Zack choosing to be partners
with Benji instead of Casey during a class taught by Tiffani
(Rebekah Kochan), resulting in Zack and Casey beginning to drift
from one another. Bennett (Gary Owen) and his wife Tish (Wendi
McLendon-Covey) are trying to get a spark back in their marriage.
Bennett arrives and reveals that Emilio Lopez, Preston Blake's
longtime butler is his illegitimate son and the true heir as a
result of a younger Preston having an amorous affair with his
maid in 1958 (at one point he had told Deeds that Blake treated
him "like a son"). Bennett proceeds to write a series of
enormously popular articles mocking Longfellow's hick ways and
odd behavior, giving him the nickname "Cinderella Man". Bennett
then wins $100,000 on a slot machine. Bernadine "Bernie" Harris
abandons her own career dreams and desire of having a catering
business to raise a family, and support her husband, who leaves
her for a white woman. Bernadine gets a large divorce settlement
from her ex-husband and moved on to a single father who lost his
wife. Bernard Chanticleer (Peter Kastner), called "Big Boy" by
his parents, is 19 but still lives with his overbearing, clinging
mother (Geraldine Page) and his commanding, disapproving father
(Rip Torn), who is Curator of Incunabula at the New York Public
Library. Bernard also works as a low-level assistant at the
library, where his father is constantly monitoring and
admonishing him. Bernard finally rebels against his parents,
telling them he's leaving and wants to get away from them, and
then grabbing and running away with his father's most prized
library item, the Gutenberg Bible. Bernard is jailed, but Amy
bails him out and he realizes she's the girl for him, and they go
off happily together. Bernard writes Barbara a gushing fan
letter, to which she responds inviting him to visit her at the
theater where she's appearing in a play. Bernard's father has
also made a pass at Amy, who gets upset and tells Bernard.
Bernard's mother also constantly mails locks of her hair to
Bernard at his new residence. Bernard's mother blames Amy,
calling her a tramp and forbidding Bernard from seeing her again.
Bernard's worldly co-worker Raef Del Grado (Tony Bill) encourages
him to date Amy because she's a "sure thing"— a girl that will
sleep with him — but discourages him from trying to pursue
Barbara. Bernard, followed by Raef and Barbara, returns to the
library where his parents and Amy are waiting for him. Bernardo
is dumped by his girlfriend and begins a period of meetings with
his psychologist. Bernhard (Gregor Bloéb) had spotted them
earlier and had alerted Johnny's mother. Bernice assumes
different names and personalities whenever the mood hits her.
Bert Harris works for a hotel as a bellboy. Bertani, Foussard,
and the others blame Robie, because they are currently all under
suspicion while the new Cat is active. Bertram, meanwhile,
unaware of Sugarpuss' love for him, prepares to resume his
research, sadder but wiser, until he discovers her true feelings.
Besides "Chattanooga Choo Choo", other Glenn Miller tunes in the
film are "Moonlight Serenade", "It Happened in Sun Valley", "I
Know Why (And So Do You)", and "In the Mood". Besides helping
Wei-Wei, Simon and Wai-Tung hope that this will placate Wai-
Tung's parents. Besides waiting on people he earns a little extra
money by selling local guests worms for angling. Besides winning
the love of her doctor, she cures her mother of her hysterics.
Besieged by the press, especially Ballani, who is obsessed with
Lara, they escape to the tiny Scottish island of Hegg. Besotted,
the Princess demands she has to marry the lieutenant, or, she'll
marry an American instead. Bess breaks up with Tad and lets hims
know that she is going to marry "Bob Terry". Best friends Dog
(Chico Benymon) and Beaver (Leonard Robinson) have difficulty
ever meeting women. Beth (Janeane Garofalo), the camp director,
struggles to keep her counselors in order—and her campers
alive—while falling in love with Henry (David Hyde Pierce), an
astrophysics associate professor at Colby College. Beth and
Andrew postpone their wedding. Beth and Denis see each other a
week before he intends to go off to school. Beth and Denis share
a moment where Denis promises to marry Beth if she isn't fat at
their 10-year reunion. Beth and Denis talk about their plans
after summer, and they make out. Beth and the Trinity help Denis
and Rich get away. Beth breaks off before they go too far and
Kevin and his gang show up again. Beth explains that she had just
never been with a fat guy. Beth goes out with Denis for a smoke
and to watch the moon. Beth in the meantime has become obsessive
about her upcoming wedding plans, causing friction with Andrew
and Sarah. Beth is dropped off at an empty house. Beth is making
plans for her wedding with Andrew. Beth is meant to be a dream
girl, but has glaring imperfections that shatter Denis' fantasy.
Beth later notices that Kate is starting to fall for John. Beth
lends him a poncho. Beth meets Sarah over there and Sarah decides
to drop the idea. Beth shows up in her tiny blue car with her
friends Cammy and Treece (the group of three is known as "The
Trinity") at Denis' house that evening. Beth takes his shirt and
holds it out the window to "air it off"; the shirt then flies out
the window. Beth then crashes Kevin's Humvee into the house
itself and the group escapes. Beth tries to reason with the
divorcing couple of the weirdness, but Celeste rationalizes that
it is better for her and Jesse to maintain their friendship.
Beth's parents are reluctant to let her leave the house,
especially during daytime, and refuse to tell her that she died.
Betrayed, Claire turns away from John and the Secretary tells
them to leave. Betrayed, John spirals into depression, crashing
weddings alone and becoming nihilistic and suicidal. Betsy
deceives Cynthia into thinking that Andy’s car is an absolute
wreck; Cynthia haughtily refuses to go to the Christmas Eve dance
with Andy. Betsy decides she cannot go through with the wedding
and escapes from Tommy. Betsy expresses her gratitude to Andy for
a wonderful evening and leaves. Betsy gives Andy a handsome new
radiator cap for his anticipated car, and after he leaves she
sadly sings “In-Between. Betsy is obviously taken with Andy but
he does not reciprocate her admiration; he leaves as quickly as
possible. Betsy's wedding ultimately goes on as scheduled, but is
disrupted by a torrential downpour of rain. Betsy, from a moneyed
family, offers to help Andy pay for his car, but he refuses her
aid. Betsy’s grandmother has been effusive about Andy Hardy and
Betsy is thrilled to learn he will be her next door neighbor
during her stay. Betty Compson and Mary Duncan play the objects
of his attention. Betty being very impulsive, she wants to marry
Art in two weeks. Betty is excited about helping the handsome
stranger, and the two end up shortly thereafter making love.
Betty secretly loved Boris, but could not fight her father's
wishes, so she was married off to a gold digger. Betty seems to
gently explain she is getting married to a man she very much
loves, and Frank pensively accepts this news. Betty sees Barney
wipe cream from Roxie's chest and misinterprets the move as a
pass. Betty sets the backyard on fire, then commits suicide by
taking sleeping pills. Between Klara and Philippe there's an
immediate understanding, but Philippe is in a relationship with
Zoe, who is possessive of him. Between his day job and
moonlighting as a chemist, Scott is run ragged, but he manages to
(hopefully) fix goop's major flaw: losing its strength in water.
Between the religious conflict and their desire to spare the
feelings of their mutual friend, the relationship is kept mostly
secret, resulting in both humorous and harmful complications.
Beverly Calhoun (Davies) impersonates the Prince of Graustark to
claim his birthright while he recovers from a skiing injury.
Beverly Hills banker/workaholic Jennifer (Tatyana Ali) comes home
to her small Northern California town just before Christmas when
her dad, Ted (Bill Cobbs), takes a bad fall while putting up
decorations. Beverly decides to give up her lucrative career and
return to her "philandering" husband and her life as a rich
doctor's housewife. Beverly is offered the opportunity to star in
a television commercial advertising Happy Soap. Bianca and
Cameron share another kiss. Bianca and Ellen request divorces
before the judge sends them all away. Bianca insists that she can
make her own choices, so Kat agrees to go to the prom with
Patrick, and Bianca decides to go with Cameron instead of Joey.
Bianca is irritated that Cameron hasn't asked her to the prom,
and so accepts Joey's invitation, but Walter won't allow it
unless Kat goes too. Bianca leaves Nick, while Ellen storms out,
still married to Nick, declared alive again. Bianca responds by
kissing him. Bianca soon realizes, however, that Joey is shallow
and self-absorbed, and asks Cameron for a ride home. Bianca
wishes to date affluent senior Joey Donner, but Walter, an
obstetrician worrisome of teenage pregnancy, will not allow his
daughters to date until they graduate. Big Ain't Bad is a
romantic comedy that redefines the measure of love. Big and
Carrie combine their interests; Charlotte's nanny, Erin, turns
out to be a lesbian and is no threat to her marriage; Miranda
finds a new job at a more laid back and diverse law firm where
she is appreciated, and Samantha stays the same, even meeting up
with the Danish architect she met in Abu Dhabi for sex on the
beach, this time a beach on The Hamptons. Big is silent upon
hearing the news, and after saying a few words, hangs up. Big
tells her that although he was "pretty torn up", he realizes that
what she needs is something to remind her at all times that she
is married. Bigfoot, who has evidently been using Doc to
investigate Vincent's death, picks Doc up, but sets him up with a
huge quantity of stolen heroin. Biggs' secretary, Beverly
(Loretta Devine), becomes comically defensive and aggressive,
believing Dudley is there to take her job. Bill (Buster Crabbe),
takes her home, to live with his Mom, (Maidel Turner); and gives
her a job at his drive-in restaurant. Bill Bowers (Jack Webb), a
Hollywood screenwriter in civilian life, becomes his sidekick.
Bill Dancer and his young companion Curly Sue are the archetypal
homeless folks with hearts of gold. Bill and Connie flee the
scene, and think each one is the one who shot Steve. Bill and
Doreen argue, but are eventually reunited and get married. Bill
and Lucia find Dedee and Matt, only to discover Dedee has stolen
Tom's ashes and is holding them for ransom. Bill and Petronilla
are a young couple on a yachting holiday. Bill arranges to return
to America from England on the same ocean liner as Connie and her
father (Walter Connolly). Bill arranges with the police for the
charges to disappear and takes Muriel's mother home where he
announces his intention to divorce Betty and marry his mistress,
Deidre Chambers. Bill arrives, in the morning, to confront the
drunken Jack, and take Sally home; but, when Jack is so drunk, he
trips, and smashes his head, killing himself; Bill is under
investigation for murder of the wealthy socialite. Bill asks
Muriel to stay and help raise the kids; she refuses and returns
to Sydney. Bill attempts to convince her to stay, proposing to
her. Bill deserts the film and goes with Lili to Tijuana where,
drinking heavily, he receives a telephone call from the Studio
with the ultimatum that if he does not return they will get a
replacement. Bill encourages her to talk to Sam, who pretends not
to know her when signing Erica's copy of her novel. Bill
eventually tracks down Matt and Dedee. Bill finds his love in New
York and they have a long talk during a Central Park coach ride,
and it seems the couple will be able to let bygones be bygones.
Bill gets a reprieve from the governor, and Ann and the boys see
him off as he reports for active military duty. Bill gets himself
bailed out and catches up with Sheila. Bill gives up drinking and
hanging out with his mate, Ginger Mick, and becomes a family man.
Bill has regular sexual liaisons with his married neighbor,
Tricia (Kristen Bell), with whom he occasionally jogs. Bill is a
Woolloomooloo larrikin, who vows to abandon his life of gambling
(playing Two-up) and drinking after a spell in gaol following a
raid on a two up game. Bill is arrested, because he never
actually had custody of the child. Bill is given a tour of the
school by Barnes's secretary, Ann Mitchell (Joan Barclay), and
later takes her out to dinner. Bill is ourtraged and leaves
Suzanne alone with the three men. Bill is shown hard at work in
his tiny office at a film studio; Archie has somehow become his
boss, and has just been promoted to head of the studio. Bill
isn't worried at first because Mitch is obviously too old for
Janet, but he comes to realize that she is indeed falling for
Mitch a little more every day. Bill jokes about seeing him in the
White House. Bill maintains a friendship with Tom's younger
sister, Lucia (Lisa Kudrow), who idolized her brother. Bill
offers her a ride home in a rainstorm, but is a little too
attentive to her liking. Bill prefers Mayme over Janie and
constantly shows his affection for her. Bill prepares to expose
Connie when he learns that Grace plans to change her will to
include Connie and baby Hughie. Bill proposes to her, but she
declines, as she says she doesn't feel right about the decision
without knowing her family. Bill reads Rusty's journal, which he
has paid both Sam and Rusty to keep over the years. Bill reveals
that he found out that Gladys' Yucatán divorce was not valid, but
Gladys states she got a second divorce in Reno, so she and Bill
are actually man and wife. Bill reveals to Sam that he walked out
on Erica when Sam was a baby, and that when he came back six
months later she accepted him, having waited the whole time. Bill
shows Charles damning photographs. Bill takes Sylvia to dinner
and the party but a quarrel ensues and she accuses him of
insincerity. Bill's daughter Sam (Lily Collins) is a cynical
college student who prefers one-night stands and hook-ups with
people she knows are less intelligent than herself, in order to
shield herself from love. Bill's relatives, upset about Tom's
indifference towards Bill, forcefully relieve him of his duty as
a pallbearer. Bill's son Rusty (Nat Wolff) is a high school
student in love with a classmate named Kate (Liana Liberato) but
lacks the courage to talk to her. Bill, a bit wary of Connie,
questions her identity, believing she is after the family's
money. Bill, having raised his children to be writers from birth,
is thrilled, but becomes annoyed when she admits the book is not
the one he had been helping her write. Bill, worried about Rusty,
tells him to channel his pain into his writing. Billie reflects
on her romance with Val (My Funny Valentine). Billie sings about
how she doesn’t mind driving around. Billie tells Val that she
plans on leaving The Farm for the road. Billie then enters with a
jealous Val. Billie then uses her womanly guiles to convince Lee
to invest his money in the show. Billy Clyde also has feelings
for Barbara Jane and enrolls inEAT. Billy Clyde ends up exposing
the movement's shallow side, and rescues Barbara Jane from
bothEAT. Billy Collier (Sean Hayes) is an aspiring photographer
in Los Angeles who has had little artistic success and much
romantic frustration. Billy Madison is the 27-year-old heir to a
Fortune 500 hotel company that his father, Brian, has created.
Billy and Georgiana then head back home. Billy and Lisa talk it
out and Lisa leaves with her bridesmaids. Billy announces he will
pass the hotel business to Carl Alphonse, one of his father's
more polite businessmen, and attend college in order to become a
teacher. Billy becomes popular among the third graders and misses
them as he advances through school. Billy carries a Polaroid
camera with him everywhere, and his reminiscences are illustrated
with Polaroid photographs. Billy crashes Rex Webster's (Paul
Bartel) underwear shoot looking for Gabriel, but does not find
him. Billy demurs, saying he needs some time away. Billy
eventually tracks Gabriel down at Rex's party later that night
and the two talk on the beach. Billy feels hurt and humiliated
and even wonders if Gabriel used him to get his modeling career
off the ground. Billy follows after him to Catalina with
Georgiana, who, on the rebound from her boyfriend, Andrew
(Christopher Bradley), hooks up with drug-addled island resident
"Gundy" (Carmine Giovinazzo). Billy grows distraught and reverts
to his carefree lifestyle. Billy instantly realizes that the two
of them are in some kind of relationship with each other and
Gabriel tells Billy straightforwardly, "Billy, I'm pretty sure
what I'm supposed to want". Billy intervenes and challenges Eric
to an academic decathlon to finally settle their feud. Billy is a
successful entrepreneur in Malibu, California, who lives with his
31-year-old girlfriend Lisa. Billy mentions the Kinsey scale, on
which Billy describes himself as a "perfect six," but Gabriel
admits he does not know where on the scale he falls. Billy
quickly becomes infatuated with Gabriel, but cannot figure out if
Gabriel is really straight; Gabriel does little to help,
continually sending ambiguous signals. Billy recruits him to
model and the two develop a friendship (although Gabriel says
that he has a girlfriend in San Francisco). Billy relates to
Gabriel how confused he was when he came out, saying, "I swore to
myself that if I could ever be there for somebody, I would, so
that that person wouldn't have to go through all the shit I went
through. Billy shoots his first setup with Gabriel, the
Lancaster-Kerr kiss. Billy shows up at the lounge where Diana is
singing and reveals his feelings for her. Billy stumbles on the
opening question in the event, and Eric is given the chance to
win the contest by answering a question about business ethics.
Billy suggests that Gabriel sleep in his bed (ostensibly because
of Gabriel's height), to which Gabriel eventually agrees. Billy
suggests they open the old bottle of scotch to celebrate the
gang's reunion, but Paddy confronts him about his absence from
Sophie’s funeral and leaves the suite. Billy tells Joe that his
Christmas single has spurred a comeback. Billy's opening
narrative demonstrates his awareness that he is in a film and
breaking the fourth wall. Billy's progress alarms Eric, who
becomes increasingly agitated as Billy completes each grade.
Billy, Paddy, Archie and Sam are childhood friends from Flatbush,
Brooklyn, New York, who are now living in their senior years.
Bingley proposes to Jane and is accepted, much to the delight of
all. Bishop Henry Brougham (David Niven), troubled with funding
the building of a new cathedral, prays for divine guidance.
Bitter at being reduced to performing dinner theater for
uninterested seniors in Florida, Jeffrey relishes the chance to
needle Celeste. Black Harry has one of three pieces of a map to a
huge stash of gold on the remote Cutthroat Island. Blake spends
his time at this club with his friends playing tennis and
shooting poker dice, and flirting with the upper-class women of
all ages - one of whom asks Blake to find an "authentic" musical
guest for an upcoming party at the club. Blake's "job" is a
sinecure working at a shady investment firm run by a slick con
artist named Jabo (Joe Spinell) and he does very little actual
work. Blaming her for the change in Edward, he attempts to rape
her. Blane McDonough, one of the preppy boys and Steff's best
friend, starts talking to Andie at school and at TRAX, and
eventually asks her out. Blane suggests going to a house party
Steff is throwing, but Andie is treated poorly by everyone,
including a drunk Steff and Benny. Blane then approaches the two,
shaking Duckie's hand and then apologizing to Andie, telling her
that he always believed in her and that he will always love her,
kissing her cheek before walking out. Blankman is once again
acknowledged as a hero (this time, along with Other Guy) by the
people, receiving the Mayor Harris Award for outstanding
community service at a ceremony in their honor. Blankman runs out
screaming as the bank explodes, killing Harris. Blankman then
defeats Minelli's goons with his electric "newchucks"
(nunchucks). Blent is secretly propositioned, via a radio
message, by a gambling syndicate to lose a key game with a
visiting Russian team. Blent passes and plays for the last few
minutes, achieving a one-point victory for the school.
Blessington comes up with the idea of hiring the struggling
actress as Director of Shareholder Relations to keep her occupied
answering letters from small shareholders. Bliss consistently
avoids marrying Sophie, enthusiastically pursuing Esme Crowfoot
(Joan Sims), a seamstress and client who consistently rejects his
advances. Bliss tells them they need to ask her husband, and
Caroline and Paco telegraph Anthony in New York. Blodgett who, by
posthumously appointing the deceased man to an embassy post,
allows theS. Blonde Trouble picks up from the previous
installment of the Andy Hardy saga with Andy on a train to begin
his college career at Wainwright College. Bloom again asks
whether this was real, or just the "perfect con". Bloom and
Penelope drive away. Bloom and Penelope meet when Bloom purposely
runs into Penelope's sports car with his bike. Bloom demands that
Stephen tell him if this is real or if it is a con. Bloom goes
into an abandoned theater to make the exchange, and finds Stephen
tied up and beaten. Bloom punches Stephen and leaves for
Montenegro. Bloom senses Penelope's craving for adventure and
hints that he is sailing to Europe tomorrow. Bloom suspects this
is just another one of Stephen's tricks; Penelope, just in case,
wires the money from her bank account to the mobsters. Bloom,
however, is dissatisfied with being nothing but an actor in
Stephen's schemes. Bloom, who has fallen in love with Penelope,
reveals to her that they are con men and the whole adventure has
been a con. Bluebeard count on the help of other pirates and
monsters Grove of Darkness. Blythe also talks to McKenna about
the relationship. Boat engine trouble leaves them marooned on an
island and, when Mike finds them, he misreads the situation and
breaks up with her. Bob agrees she can stay, much to Chance's
glee, and they continue with their picnic with Chance hogging the
pizza. Bob agrees, but only because Ann's life is also in danger.
Bob and Elizabeth Rueland (David Duchovny and Joely Richardson)
both work — Bob as an architect, Elizabeth as a zoologist — at
Chicago's Lincoln Park Zoo. Bob and his friends the Dooleys both
stop. Bob becomes bewitched by Angela in her disguise, nothing
like the demure spouse he left at home. Bob finally finds John
and goads him into racing. Bob gives Angela his parachute, and
she descends safely into—the back seat of a car in which a couple
are necking. Bob has also grown fond of Amy/Tillie and is
attracted to her in the same way Johnny is. Bob is forced to
reveal the truth in front of Maria and the rest of the family.
Bob pleads for a look, and is told where he can get a translated
copy. Bob reveals that there is no way he himself could embark on
such a relationship, as he might feel like a “child molester”.
Bob rides a piece of the broken dirigible down, diving off before
impact into "the city reservoir". Bob's deceitful advice is for
Johnny to back off, since Amy/Tillie may not be attracted to this
"new" Johnny at all. Bob's friend, bandleader Xavier Cugat,
invites him to perform at the wedding of Acuña's eldest daughter.
Bobby James and his friends (Phones, Hoppy, Gordo, and several
others) skate to work on the Venice, California boardwalk. Bobby
and Terry are clued into this plot and try to get her father, a
lawyer, to help. Bobby asks her if she's going to pay him for sex
as well, which garners a mighty slap in return and she takes off.
Bobby awakens to find himself aboard a speeding train, which
stops at a station housing a huge escalator going up into a
bright white light, which one of the attendants refers to as
"Uptown". Bobby breaks the Uptown rules and reveals himself to
Emily to confess his love for her, and Emily informs him that he
is actually Lenny's father. Bobby helps Lenny by giving him a
makeover, assisting him in dealing with Fred and Bill, and
helping him win the affection of the hottest girl in school,
Sharon (Anne Sawyer). Bobby helps Lenny see the error of his ways
as Lenny reunites with his long-time friend Melissa (Nancy
Valen), who was in love with him and by his side even during his
"nerdy years". Bobby incredulously asks why, since he had made a
deal to trade his own soul for Lenny's second chance at life.
Bobby is denied entry, and Rafferty (Richard Mulligan) appears
and explains that he isn't considered ready yet and needs to
carry out an assignment in order to earn his ticket Uptown. Bobby
is skating on the boardwalk with a female friend when he
encounters Terry. Bobby misbehaves, but when Pete discovers that
mr Godfrey plays for the Boston Symphony Orchestra, he quickly
produces a young blind opera wunderkind, Theresa (Anna Maria
Alberghetti), who sings her way into the Godfreys' hearts. Bobby
soon realizes that Lenny's mother is Emily, his former
girlfriend, and is married to Joe, the man he died racing
against. Bobby wins the race easily when Joe dives out of his
car, but Bobby is unable to get out of the car in time due to his
bracelet getting caught on the gearshift. Bobo leaks the news of
Rita's new romance to the tabloids and Rock Hunter is suddenly
famous as Marlowe's "Lover Doll". Bollywood/Hollywood centres on
the character of Rahul Seth (Rahul Khanna), a young, rich, Indo-
Canadian living in Toronto whose widowed mother (Moushumi
Chatterjee) is eager to get him married after the freak-
accidental death of his white pop singer girlfriend, Kimberly
(Jessica Paré). Bone". Bong (Vhong Navarro) has liked Winona
(Toni Gonzaga) since time immemorial but he never had the courage
to pursue her. Bong goes through the whole montage of making life
blissful for Winona. Bong is aware that Winona is turning 25 soon
and this letter might just confirm that curse. Bong is very
healthy. Bong tried to apologize. Bong vows to make Winona’s last
remaining days happy and perfect. Bongo comes to understand the
meaning of slapping one another among wild bears and returns to
challenge Lumpjaw. Bongo fails to interpret Lulubelle slapping
him as a sign of affection and when she accidentally slaps
Lumpjaw, he claims her for himself, forcing all other bears into
a celebration for the "happy" new couple. Bongo is raised in
captivity and is praised for his performances, but is poorly
treated once he is off stage. Bongo later aired as an individual
episode on a 1955 episode of Walt Disney's anthology TV series
with new introductory segments, which used Jiminy Cricket's
narration and singing replacing Dinah Shore's. Bonnie and Connie
Jones are showgirls, who are also sisters. Boo, however, secretly
telephones Carey's friend and arranges a leave for Jim. Boof,
however, isn't impressed. Booger fights an accusation that he
fathered an illegitimate child. Book publisher Abigail Belldon
(Louise Fazenda) hires her as a secretary for lazy writer Freddy
Matthews (Robert Montgomery). Booking passage on the ill-fated ,
the ship is torpedoed by a German submarine. Bookman's daughter
Barbara Jane is roommates with both men, and the film depicts a
subtle love triangle relationship between Barbara Jane and her
two friends. Booty Call is about a tender-hearted, upwardly-
mobile named Rushon (Davidson) who has been dating his girlfriend
Nikki (Jones) for seven weeks. Borden, wants him to sell more and
socialize less. Bored Miles asks the fascinating Marylin to
dinner, where they flirt. Bored New York office girl Teddy
(Ginger Rogers), goes to a camp in the Catskill Mountains called
Camp Kare Free, for rest and to get away from the noisy, busy,
city life and avoid advances from Emil. Boris Plots dreamed of
only two things as a young boy: dancing and Betty Rhys-Jones.
Boris Plots, is director of Plots Funeral Home in the fictional
Welsh village of Wrottin Powys, His rival Frank Featherbed, an
American, is determined to revolutionise the undertaking business
in Britain through the innovation of "themed funerals". Boris
Yelnikoff (Larry David) is a cynical chess teacher and former
Columbia professor in quantum mechanics. Boris comes home one
night to find Melody (Evan Rachel Wood), a simpleminded 21-year-
old, lying on his doorstep. Boris explains to the audience that
the next few weeks, Marietta changed and started experimenting in
artistic photography, exotic new habits, and having an open
relationship with Leo and his business partner, Morgenstern (Olek
Krupa). Boris gave up his dreams and took over the family's
undertaking businessWhen Betty's mother-in-law dies, Boris and
Betty are thrust together again and as they discuss the funeral
arrangements for Betty's mother-in-law, the old spark is
rekindledBoris discovers that the only obstacle between their
love for one another, is her marriage to the adulterous Councilor
Hugh Rhys-Jones. Boris is devastated by this and jumps out a
window again, but this time lands on Helena (Jessica Hecht)
breaking her arm and leg. Boris realizes that he loves her and
they get married. Born in Kenya and raised in Toronto, he moved
to London to get away from his conservative upbringing. Boston
based home renovator Isabel Darden, is a successful, attractive
30-year-old woman. Both Albert and Lucy break down in tears. Both
Dan and Bradley laugh and joke with Eliot's friends, until one of
them mentions that Caroline left him. Both Finch and Stifler are
attracted to her, and in an effort to win her over, they each
adopt the other's personality and mannerisms. Both Hannah and
Jenny are catapulted off the roof, apparently to their deaths;
Jenny appears within seconds, powers restored, threatening even
more mayhem. Both Jean and David act as their own counsels. Both
Juliet and Peter believe that Mark dislikes her; he is in fact in
love with her, and behaves coldly to her to avoid revealing how
he really feels. Both Lucy and Albert arriving at Maria's house
for visitation with Casey at the same time by mistake, and all
deciding to go out to eat together at a family restaurant,
suggesting there is now a more peaceful, though decidedly
bittersweet, relationship among the three. Both Marcus' and
Lucia's family try to out do one another to make the wedding more
African-American or Mexican-American, with comedic results. Both
Marisa and Chris spend some time apart with him still thinking
about her and Marisa hounded by the press and her disapproving
classist mother Veronica. Both Mauricio and Roxanna think Jesse
has it easy, since he gets the store to manage as soon as he
returned. Both Miguel and Brad hurl various racially based
insults at one another. Both Pitka and Chopra were taught by Guru
Tugginmypudha. Both Roxanna and Jesse are relatively neutral on
the matter, but Mauricio is very against them. Both animals dive
off an ironing board; with Jerry ahead of Tom, Jerry drains the
kitchen sink he landed in, leaving Tom to crash into the
crockery. Both are behind on their rent, and their landlord, Max
Eckbaum (George Sidney), a good-natured soul who nevertheless has
expenses to meet, comes up with a solution, to move Mary into
Jack's loft, and have them share the apartment on a shift basis.
Both are caught by Number 2, and they are expelled from the
spaceship. Both are damaged emotionally; Francesca has overcome
an addiction to drugs but still craves the spotlight, while Nick
is dealing with the memory of a father who failed as a songwriter
and became a hopeless alcoholic. Both are furious and they part
barely speaking. Both are unaware that it is actually Manuel, who
has awakened from the linen basket, still hung over. Both are
under pressure from their families to marry and settle down. Both
become emotionally distraught and, with best friends Toni
"Tipper" (Lake Bell), a bartender, and Jeff "Hater" (Rob
Corddry), a lawyer, take a debauched trip to Las Vegas. Both
begin spending their time on board with their new paramours to
the virtual exclusion of each other, and each plans to dissolve
the marriage. Both begin to become entranced by the other, and
become convinced they are falling in love. Both believe they are
home free, until their wedding day. Both brides-to-be are shown
to be in the Plaza very shortly before they are due to be wed,
separately. Both brothers are repelled by this display and, as
they walk away, Cassandra overhears them resolving to drop all
acquaintance with the Mortmains. Both couples are happily
reunited. Both eventually move out of the condo. Both have
concerns about marrying someone they do not know, but upon
meeting for the first time, they fall for each other. Both he and
Elaine then run into the street to flag down a passing bus and
take the back seat, elated at their victory. Both he and Julia
throw bricks through the store window, laughing. Both he and the
woman have to be saved by O'Gaffney. Both her parents are hopeful
that the experience will straighten her out. Both look at each
other and smile. Both marriages are saved, and Peter and Francey
finally have their honeymoon on the train. Both men are
determined to bed the young woman, but they quickly discover
Patty is more interested in engaging in spirited discussions
about the pressing moral and sexual issues of the day than
surrendering her virginity to either one of them. Both men excel
in different activities but Billy manages to take a single-point
lead before the contest's final event, a Jeopardy. Both mr
Robinson and Benjamin’s parents encourage him to call on Elaine
although mrs Robinson makes her disapproval clear. Both of her
bosses are interested in Ruth, although Kemple is quite a bit
older than her. Both of the rivaling teams show their
performances. Both of them have managed to prolong their college
career by failing seven years in a row. Both of them share a long
awaited, heart felt kiss, where Elle narrates that fairy tales do
exist. Both pretend to be rich. Both promise to write each other
as she heads off to New York City and he to the Olympics. Both
receive advice from friends about their goals and the pregnancy
attempts—Jenn from her gay co-worker Jamie and her aggressive
sister, Kelly, who is in the process of adopting a child, and
Matt from his dry-witted friend Nelson, who helps them with their
fertility treatments, having been a surrogate father himself.
Both refuse to go to the church until they are finished. Both
students and faculty are scandalized by Ryder's unashamed pursuit
of Blent. Both the gloomy Hank and his more outgoing, easier
younger brother Rex fall in love with Suzanne. Both the lady and
the reporters interpret this as a name: Blankman. Both the staid,
respectable Ralph and the much more dashing Phil Gowan (Willard
Parker), Millie's neighbor, fall in love with her. Both twins,
trying to steal their sibling's intended, inadvertently married
each other instead. Both weddings afters are being held in the
same hotel where all 4 of the characters interact. Both women
attempt to sabotage each other's wedding, including Liv changing
Emma's dance instructor, Emma secretly sending Liv candy to make
her too fat to fit into her dress, Liv making Emma's tan turn
bright orange, Emma tampering with Liv's hair dye to turn Liv's
hair a shocking blue-white color, Liv registering Emma on Babies-
R-Us as pregnant, and Emma showing up to Liv's bachelorette party
to out-dance her. Bottom is spotted by Puck, who (taking his name
to be another word for a jackass) transforms his head into that
of a donkey. Bottom is told by Quince that he would do the Lion
so terribly as to frighten the duchess and ladies enough for the
Duke and Lords to have the players hanged. Boulevardier Sir
Nicholas Thormonde (Lew Cody) has to choose between his mistress
Suzette (Renée Adorée) and his virtuous secretary Alathea
(Harriet Hammond) in wartime Paris. Bowled over by Patrick's
charm, Jenny accompanies him in his noisy sports car to the flat
he shares with teaching colleague, Graham, who is by Patrick's
arrangement, not at home. Boys who usually have had no luck with
girls in the past beg Olive to say they have had sex with her in
order to increase their own popularity, in exchange for gift
cards to various stores, in turn increasing her reputation. Brad
(Vince Vaughn) and Kate (Reese Witherspoon) are an upscale San
Francisco couple. Brad and Anna both ask Mark to ask the Man in
the Sky what Anna should do but Mark refuses to say anything and
leaves, wanting Anna to choose for herself. Brad and Gwen
blackmail Dolly into a scheme to part Steve from his new-found
riches. Brad and Gwen track her down, certain she has landed yet
another rich sucker. Brad and Miguel meet later that evening and
discover that they will soon be in-laws. Brad discovers that
Martel was instructed to send the money to an address he was
given, but decided to confront North in person instead over what
he considered to be deceit; though North claimed he did not place
the bet, Martel did not believe him and gave him the money. Brad
eventually figures out how the murders were committed. Brad
invites all of the suspects to his suite, hoping the culprit will
stay away. Brad invites the couple to stay with him in New York
City. Brad is puzzled when he finds traces of gelatin on the
corpse. Brad subdues him before he can shoot the lovers. Brad
tells Nick that he is Lauren's husband, and Nick leaves. Brad
tries unsuccessfully to halt the tow by holding on to the door of
his car. Bradley apologizes and reveals, to everyone's surprise,
that he will leave the next day with his science team. Bragging
to Bill about his supposed influence with the police department,
he persuades Bill to knock the policeman backwards over him while
the man is using a callbox. Brandi testifies against her former
boyfriend. Brandi's father, Jared (Michael Rooker), who is aware
of Brodie andS's presence at the mall, has the two arrested on
false charges of drug possession. Brandon convinces Olive to help
him and they pretend to have sex at a party. Brandy Klark (Aubrey
Plaza), from Boise, Idaho, is an overachieving but socially
awkward teenager who graduates as the valedictorian of her high
school in 1993. Brandy apologizes to Cameron. Brandy asks out
Rusty, and he takes her to a popular make-out spot to have sex,
but the sex is brief. Brandy blames her lack of sexual experience
and resolves to learn all about sex over the summer to prepare
for college. Brandy doesn't react much to their injuries, but
when Pockets falls off a fence and wrenches his back, she is
nearly hysterical with worry over his "injury". Brandy finally
gets close to Rusty when they vandalize a rival pool, but they
get caught because Brandy leaves her bra, with her name on it and
Willy fires her. Brandy gets a job at the pool as a lifeguard to
be close to Rusty and her study-buddy Cameron Mitchell (Johnny
Simmons). Brandy gets advice from her sister, Amber (Rachel
Bilson), her mother, her two best friends, while her father, a
conservative judge, is uncomfortable with the talk of sex. Brandy
is sent home where she is confronted by Cameron over the list.
Brandy is told to clean waste from the pool that appears to be
feces. Brandy makes out with a muscular college boy she has a
crush on named Rusty Waters (Scott Porter). Brandy meets with
Willy at the pool, and he offers her his job if she comes back
next summer as he has quit to follow the Grateful Dead. Brash,
self-confident beauty Franny, is the object of her sibling John's
adoration. Breaking it off with Donald after finding out that he
dates other women, Alice tries to get back with Ed. Breezy does,
however, get her a room at the boarding house owned by Maw
Lustvogel (Connie Gilchrist). Breezy gets Curley a job at the
Victory Aircraft factory where he works and offers to use his
influence on Maisie's behalf too. Breezy lost her parents years
before in an auto accident, and has taken the lifestyle of a
homeless free-spirited hippie in California. Brenda (Bette
Midler) is divorced, left for a younger woman, depressed, and
struggling financially. Brenda chooses to let Charles die, but
Helen, still Charles's legal wife, tells the doctor to do
everything they can for him. Brenda finds out through her uncle
Carmine (Philip Bosco) who has Mafia connections that Morty is
guilty of income tax fraud, while Annie makes a plan to revive
her advertising career and buy out Aaron's partners. Brenda is
revealed to have emptied Charles's bank account and left with the
children. Brendan asks him to go with him for a drink (the same
tactic he had employed with Leo). Brendan fights with the lad
over Leo. Brent arrives during the engagement party and take Mary
back to Los Angeles, where Mary's bakery becomes a success after
her grandfather gives her the award-winning recipes he and his
wife collected over the years. Brent comes down with an allergy
before the trip and she takes his twin brother Jake, a jailbird,
to pretend to be Brent. Brent, the party's DJ, is angry at this.
Brett (Guy Pearce), a friend of the host from Melbourne, has just
landed a job as presenter of a TV gossip show. Brett is so bored
by Tash's job, he ends up trying to make science sexy. Brett's
father tells her that she shouldn't have to spend her life taking
care of Archie. Brian Bloom (Anton Yelchin), a struggling
24-year-old writer in New York City, meets a 33-year-old French
woman named Arielle Pierpoint (Bérénice Marlohe). Brian agrees to
give Billy another chance but Eric cites that Billy failed the
challenge by taking more than two weeks to complete a grade.
Brian begins misinterpreting Anna's words and actions (some of
which are subtle signals to Jake as their affair is kept under
wraps) and even has an erotic dream about her; he begins to
seriously consider quitting the priesthood to pursue a romantic
relationship with her. Brian begs to be let off there and finally
they consent. Brian insists that he is truly in love with her,
and Arielle reluctantly accepts his proposal, telling him to meet
her the next day at the hotel. Brian is perplexed at this
information and tells Arielle that he cannot continue the
relationship with her, believing it is an unethical affair. Brian
kicks his addict wife, Deborah, out of their home. Brian loses
confidence in his son and chooses the conniving Eric Gordon as
his successor. Brian meets Arielle at the hotel and asks her to
marry him, giving her a ring. Brian returns to be with Jordan and
the two reconcile. Brian returns to his wife after realizing that
Sarah is not interested in that which she already has, but only
in that which belongs to someone else. Brian swiftly terminates
his agreement with Billy and renames Eric as his successor.
Brian, in his first relationship and out of his depth, does what
he believes is the right thing. Brice breaks into Harley's place
with Melinda and finds Judith in the bathroom bloody and bruised.
Brice decides to take Judith out for dinner at a "$599 buffet".
Brice discovers Judith is having an affair and heads to Harley's
party. Brice drags Judith outside and begs her to return to him,
but Judith chooses to stay with Harley. Brice goes over to
Melinda's place where she comforts him and encourages him that
things will get better. Brice has dinner with Melinda. Brice
threatens him to stay away from both Karen and Judith and they
leave him, laying on the floor beaten and still semi-conscious.
Brick and the lovers battle on a steep ocean cliff. Bridget
(Blake Lively) visits her grandmother Greta (Blythe Danner) in
Alabama to ask about her mother's suicidal depression. Bridget
Hodder has written The Rat Prince, a middle grade novel telling
the Cinderella story from the point of view of one of
Cinderella's rodent friends. Bridget discovers her father (Ernie
Lively) had hidden letters from her grandmother Greta and she
rejects his explanation that he wanted to protect her. Bridget
not only obsesses about her love life, but also details her
various daily struggles with her weight, her over-indulgence in
alcohol and cigarettes, and her career. Bridget often visits her
parents, as well as her parents' friends, primarily Geoffrey and
Una Alconbury; Geoffrey creates a mildly uncomfortable situation
for Bridget by insisting she call him "Uncle Geoffrey" despite
his propensity for groping her rear end whenever they meet.
Bridget's friends and family are the supporting characters in her
diary. Bridget's parents live outside of the city, and while they
play a lesser role than her friends, they are important figures
in Bridget's life. Bringing Aimee with him, they meet him at a
motel just as he is leaving for the bar, inviting the two to join
him. Briones criticizes Fran's mockery of her own career, though
she rationalizes this by claiming that one should not be serious
about a career that is going nowhere. Briscoe Darling (Denver
Pyle) and his daughter Charlene (Maggie Peterson) are delighted
to see Andy, but Ernest nervously and repeatedly asks Andy to
leave. British newlywed Regina Lambert lives in Paris with her
husband, Charlie. Britney (Crew) is a woman whose profession is
to 'break up' with a significant other for people. Britney Allen
(Hayden Panettiere) is living a 'dream life' as the cheerleading
captain and girlfriend of the star quarterback of Pacific Vista
High School. Britney and Jesse also make up, kissing backstage
after their first performance. Britney and Jesse become close and
eventually kiss. Britney changes her company name to "Love Rocks"
and helps people find love as well as dump their boy/girlfriends.
Britney gives Mike an extreme make-over. Britney hesitantly
agrees after seeing her overdue bills and mortgage payments.
Britney is outraged and heartbroken by the abrupt turn of events.
Britney realizes that her friends didn't betray her, and are now
helping her win back their business. Britney slowly grows closer
to Mike. Britney then learns that Rick is dating Ashley.
Britney's sister Ashley (Swan) is a flirtatious woman who dumps
men at the drop of a hat. Britney, at the urging of Winnie, has
already vowed to never cheer for another team (as this would make
her a 'cheer whore'), but after being dared by Camille and Jesse
to show up at the cheerleading tryouts, Britney impresses
everyone with her cheerleading skills and experience. Britta,
however, suddenly moves to San Francisco to live with her father
and whilst there, finds a new boyfriend. Broadway star Patricia
Wallace (Evelyn Venable) quits her Broadway show to run off with
wealthy Fred Arnold (Ralph Forbes). Broadway. Brock forces Kelly
and Chelsea to break open the hollow sculpture, grabs the
painting inside and cuffs Chelsea to a table while struggling
with Kelly, eventually leaving her unconscious. Brodie and Rene
renew their relationship as a result. Brodie andS. Brodie
confronts Rene to find out more about her relationship with
Shannon, and the two have sex in an elevator. Brodie finds out
Rene began a relationship with his enemy Shannon Hamilton (Ben
Affleck), a clothing store manager who hates Brodie because of
his "lack of a shopping agenda". Brodie is later abducted and
attacked by Shannon, who intends to have sex with Rene in a "very
uncomfortable place", a reference to anal sex. Brodie tells
Brandi thatS. Brody also takes a liking to Jeffrey, eventually
showing him his car business, and gives him hopes that car sales
are where he belongs as a career. Brody encourages Jeffrey to
take the stock boy position so he can work his way up. Bronco
Billy and the show depart without Miss Lily. Bronco Billy talks
Antoinette into becoming his new assistant, "Miss Lily," though
she only agrees to do one show. Bronco Billy uses the show's
meager savings to bribe the sheriff into letting the man go,
swallowing his pride and enduring the sheriff's verbal
humiliations for his friend's sake. Bronco Billy was a shoe
salesman who shot his wife for sleeping with his best friend.
Brooke advises her to go home, then reveals that he is getting
married in New York City and returning to England. Brooke becomes
irate when Gary fails to offer to help her clean up after a big
dinner party at their home; and, still frustrated from their
earlier, unresolved argument, breaks up with him (despite still
being in love with him). Brooke begins crying and states that she
just can not give in anymore and, therefore, does not feel the
same way. Brooke invites Gary to an Old 97's concert, hoping that
he will figure out that the gesture is meant to be her last-ditch
attempt to salvage their relationship. Brooke manages an art
gallery owned by eccentric artist Marilyn Dean (Judy Davis).
Brooke seeks relationship advice from her friend Addie (Joey
Lauren Adams), while Gary goes to tell his side of things to
friend Johnny Ostrofski (Jon Favreau). Brooke tries to dissuade
her, telling her that "good girls go to Paris, too". Brooke,
feeling unappreciated, criticizes Gary's perceived immaturity and
unwillingness to work on improving their relationship. Brother
Mitch introduces his new girlfriend Annie. Brought up in poverty,
hotel manicurist Regi Allen wants to marry a rich husband. Bruce
Bennett (Billed as Herman Brix, one of the movie serials
“Tarzans”) as Jimmy Baxter, an honest but broke artist, hides her
as a mannequin, and helps her get away, in a stolen car. Bruce
Nolan (Jim Carrey) is a television field reporter for Eyewitness
News at WKBW-TV in Buffalo, New York, but desires to be the news
anchorman. Bruce agrees and gives him Orbit gum, to add to the
alibi that he forgot something. Bruce also finds ways of using
the powers to cause miraculous events to occur at otherwise
mundane events that he covers, such as discovering Jimmy Hoffa's
body or causing a meteor to harmlessly land near a cook-off,
earning him his job back. Bruce and Grace announce their
engagement on live television. Bruce creates a computerized
system to receive the prayers and respond, but finds that the
influx is far too great for him to handle — even though God had
stated that he is only receiving prayers from the Buffalo area —
and sets the program to automatically answer Yes to every prayer.
Bruce gave up dancing after he was brutally bullied by older
boys. Bruce ignores God and is initially jubilant with the
powers, using them for personal gain such as potty training his
dog, getting revenge on a street gang that assaulted him earlier,
exposing a woman's underwear by blowing up her dress,
transforming his beat up car into a Saleen S7, and sexually
impressing Grace. Bruce is suddenly struck by a truck and regains
consciousness in a white void. Bruce later receives a message on
his pager directing him to an empty warehouse, where he meets
God. Bruce returns to God, who explains that despite how chaotic
things seem, there is always a way to make things right, and that
Bruce must figure out a way to solve it himself. Bruce returns to
his computer system, having briefly unplugged it, and goes about
answering prayers manually as best he can. Bruce somehow
convinces Eric that Polly isn't really interested in him, and
that she only led him on so that Bruce could sell him the
insurance. Bruce then begins to solve his problems in life
practically, such as helping a man whose car has broken down,
training his dog normally, and allowing Evan to have his job
back. Bruce then uses his powers to cause Evan to humiliate
himself on air, causing Evan to be fired in favor of Bruce as the
new anchor. Bruce, however, suffers from constant bad luck, and
reaches breaking point when he is passed over for promotion by
his rival, Evan Baxter (Steve Carell), who then steals dialogue
from Bruce's segment while accepting the promotion on air. Bruno
amuses himself by continually asking Janet about her relationship
with the millionaire. Bruno wakes up in bed next to Caroline, his
long-time crush. Bruno, the hotel valet, is determined to get
back to America after being deported and has compromising
photographs of Wendell's father and Pamela's mother swimming nude
in the bay. Brushing past Pamela, Scott kisses Boof as his father
comes down and hugs the two of them. Bryan and Masha crash the
jeep, which erupts into flames, and make an escape on foot. Bryan
appears in the waves, unharmed, and they are reunited with
Masha's family. Bryan barely escapes, while Brick calls Masha's
father back in the USA and informs him of Masha's kidnapping,
making it sound as if Bryan had been the kidnapper. Bryan
searches for Masha back at the hotel, unaware she has been
kidnapped. Bryce begins to see that Juli is smart, spirited and
"iridescent", as Grandpa Chet calls her. Bryce is disgruntled
from this seat change, because Juli had initially sat next to him
where he could see her answers and copy off of them. Bryce looks
over his shoulder for Julianna every time he's with Shelly, which
causes Julianna to think he's being forced to date her. Bryce
wants to punch him (to be exact "slug him"), but doesn't want to
lose his friend, so he pretends to laugh. Bryce's family,
however, has a new concern,salmonella. Bryce's father immediately
expresses concern that the eggs might be fertilized, so Bryce and
his best friend, Garrett, sneak over to her house and try to spy
on the chickens in her backyard in search of a rooster (The
chickens are a result of Juli's winning science fair project,
which Bryce is a bit bitter about but means a lot to Juli) And
Bryce doesn't know about the difference between chickens, hens,
and roosters, so they head home without answers. Bryce's father
tells him to just say no to Juli about the eggs, but Bryce ends
up just throwing the eggs away before his parents come down for
breakfast. Bryce, being incredibly cute, gets auctioned off to
Shelly and Miranda, the prettiest girls in his school, and Juli
buys Jon out of pity, a boy who didn't get any offers. Bryce,
being unbelievably shy and annoyed by all the attention, asks out
Juli's arch enemy, Shelly Stalls, to get rid of his admirer.
Bryce, in his relief, takes her hands, leans in and tries to kiss
her, but she yanks back and runs away. Bryce, torn between
feeling grateful and awkwardly guilty for hating her so much when
she's helping him, follows the answers anyway until the end of
the year. Bubba assures Phil they made a mistake, that "they
don't know everything". Bubba tells Justine to meet him at his
house. Bubba then begs Justine not to tell Phil about their
sexual encounter. Buckley's parents, Doris (Billie Burke) and
Herbert (Moroni Olsen), are delighted, as is Ellie, but Stanley
broods that he is too young and vibrant to be a grandfather.
Bucky is a regular at a local diner, where he has befriended
Ruby, a 20ish waitress who is unsettled. Bud Nesbitt (Beau
Bridges), who Wick claims is the cause of the Apollo 13 accident,
tells Fred about the three commemorative coins given to him by
President Johnson. Bud has been packing for a move to another job
and city. Bud tells Wick about the situation but Wick ignores
him. Bud, holding a bottle of overflowing champagne, finally
opens the door, surprised and delighted that Fran is there. Buddy
also doctors the remainder with fertilizer, which causes chaos at
a demonstration the next day when a hamster Sherman uses to
demonstrate the youth finding effects instead mutates and becomes
an aggressive monster who violates Dean Richmond in front of a
live television audience. Buddy then climbs onto the back of her
motorcycle, and both couples happily drive away as the film
closes. Buddy wows the crowd with his jazzy, breezy musical
delivery and poised demeanor at the Purple Pit, a nightclub where
the students hang out. Buddy, who is trying to sell the formula
to a different company, quickly realizes where it is and steals
some of it. Bulworth and Nina embrace and begin to kiss as people
cheer. Bulworth emerges from the bedroom looking rested and, as
he steps outside, he invites Nina to go with him; she eventually
joins him, after some hesitation. Bulworth eventually makes it to
a television appearance arranged earlier by his campaign manager,
during which he raps and repeats verbatim statements Nina andD.
Bulworth sleeps deeply for over 36 hours (with Nina tenderly
watching over him), during which time the media is abuzz about
his mysterious absence on election day. Bulworth wins the primary
election by a landslide. Bulworth's fate is left ambiguous.
Bulworth's socialist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have
lost favor with voters, so he has conceded to more conservative
politics and to accepting donations from big corporations. Bunmi
had stolen Pride's phone and sent Alan the message luring him to
where Ina was being held. Bunny gets her revenge when she cuts in
on Helen's dance and takes her partner. Burdett, still wanting
the diamond for himself, pretends to work with Mooré, and gives
him a fake plan as to how he would steal the diamond (which he
had earlier related to Stan), having no trouble keeping ahead of
his nemesis in the meantime. Burke Ryan (Aaron Eckhart), is a
successful PhD. Burke and Nan are pleased to discover that they
no longer need to behave like brother and sister. Burke dyes his
hair and affects the voice and manner of the somewhat
scatterbrained millionaire the best he can. Burke goes to Eloise,
telling her that she had spent the last few days getting to know
the part of him that was not available and wondered was she
interested in getting to know the part of him that was available.
Burke is pursued by the Master-at-Arms (Freddie Jones) who
correctly suspects that he does not have a ticket. Burke is
transferred to that ship to perform an operation. Burke overhears
a scheme for Nicky to marry Nan and get his hands on her money.
Burke tries various ruses to try to escape him, including
dressing up as a doctor. Burly and his players concoct a plan to
have another woman, hidden by shadows, pretend to be Darryl's
wife, telling him everything he wants to hear. Burman. Burt and
Verona bring a stroller as a gift, greatly angering LN as she and
her husband Roderick (Josh Hamilton) are a "continuum home". Burt
and Verona fly to Miami, where Courtney worries about his young
daughter and the potential effects of a divorce on her. Burt and
Verona next visit Verona's sister, Grace (Carmen Ejogo), in
Tucson, Arizona. Burt and Verona spend the night outside on a
trampoline, promising to love each other and their daughter and
have a happy home. Burt and Verona then visit old college friends
in Montreal, Tom (Chris Messina) and his wife, Munch Garnett
(Melanie Lynskey), and their diverse family of adopted children.
Burt in particular is disturbed by Lily and Lowell's crass and
mean-spirited behavior toward one another and their children.
Burt tries to comfort Courtney while Verona spends time with his
daughter. Burton and Paula confer on the matter and discover that
Clarice faces a minimum of ten years in prison for bigamy if the
marriage is revealed. Burton and Paula travel to New York City
where both Cormack, his two children and Michael live. Burton
hatches a plan with Michael for him to portray a lover of Paula
posing as Clarice to anger Cormack. Burying the hatchet, the two
agents try to foil the potential romance. Business forces Julia
and Richard to work late at his house. Business tycoon Claude
Kimball is mistaken for the gigolo and gets snared in the Doanes'
schemes, including when the fellow playing the gigolo turns up.
Businessman Clemson Reade (Cary Grant) breaks his engagement with
workaholicS. Buster (Buster Keaton), a sidewalk tintype portrait
photographer in New York City, develops a crush on Sally
(Marceline Day), a secretary who works for MGM Newsreels. Buster
angrily reminds them that Tramp falls in love with Lady to become
a house pet. Buster assumes a ticker-tape parade is in his honor,
whereas it is really for Charles Lindbergh. Buster decides to
send his Tong footage to MGM free of charge. Buster returns to
his old job, but does not give up on filming, setting up to
record a boat race. Buster sends Angel out from the pack and she
leaves the junkyard. Buster stops filming to jump in and rescues
her. Buster's first attempts show his total lack of experience.
Busy trying to appease the children and adjust to suddenly being
a mom, Helen's concentration on her job begins to slip and she is
fired from Dominique (Helen Mirren). But Albert ignores their
advice, and his budget for the picture skyrockets, mainly because
of his own perfectionist attitude and Blake's diva-like behavior
on set. But Audrey, struggling to come to terms with her parents'
death, begins to fall in with the wrong crowd and date the wrong
kind of guy. But Blake's primary social life is centered around
the upscale country club he attends. But Bob shows up instead of
Jake. But Brandi doesn't take kindly to rejection. But Cedar
claims control of a majority of the shares and the sale is
approved. But Craig's friends, particularly Halsey, mock Santo as
a "freak" and an outcast. But Derek is determined to find Odette,
believing that she can still be alive. But Eddie, and two
acquaintances also in the car, instead rob the Buffalo Savings
Bank, and Henry is arrested as an accomplice. But Egbert forgets
to arrange for private detectives to "catch" the couple. But
Gerard convinces him to stick around for the night, telling him
to "jump tomorrow". But Gerard gives a heartfelt speech about
love, and he convinces George to stick with him. But Gil's
professions of love for Cecilia were false&mdash;he wooed her
only to get Tom to return to the movie and thereby save his own
Hollywood career. But Harry soon discovers that Phyllis does not
want to live a happy domestic life with him in the old-fashioned
apartment he rented. But Helen's world suddenly changes when
Lindsay and brother-in-law Paul (Sean O'Bryan) die in a car
accident, leaving behind three children, turning everyone's life
upside down. But Jabo, owner of the shady real estate firm,
attempts to bribe the owner of the gym, Thor Eriksen, when he
realizes that Blake will not purchase the building as he was
supposed to. But Jack explains that he was right as Lanie will
never be able to get the job as she'll die before it begins. But
John is actually an accountant, who has carefully saved the
$15,000 out of his limited income. But Julia's experience of
watching all her stuff removed from her house while Jordan did
nothing to help makes her not want to see him again. But Julie
loves the idea of having two husbands and so she decides to try
to live with them both, to the annoyance and disapproval of Marty
and Vernon who both know that her idea will not work out. But
Kate warns her that only Ace can keep them from being killed and
the only way to get to him is to give up the map. But Ken has his
eyes on Susan. But Landon manages to throw suspicion on Jimmy
Hart, who is masquerading as a steward. But Lloyd shoots Max
before passing out from being gassed by the thieves. But Lou is a
lady with more men friends than anyone might imagine. But Lucky
Fritz only cares for Gretchen, the local beauty. But Merle is
distracted when Blue is also assigned to his camp. But Mickey
prevails, recovering the money and leaving with his suitcase. But
Mike acts as though he remembers nothing that happened the
previous night and ridicules William in front of his friends. But
Osh's wife Mariah, who has been on to his lies from the
beginning, visits the yellow house to tell the Careys that mr
Hamilton has no idea that they are there. But Pat tells him that
he has a new outlook on life: he attempts to see the good, or
silver linings, in all that he experiences. But Ray hasn't quite
given up. But Ria, whom Lalit took in along with her mother after
her father died, stays away from Tej and grows concerned when he
appears to be flirting with a younger relative, ten-year-old
Aliya. But Richard and Margaret go out to a nightclub, where they
are interrupted in succession by all the other main characters as
well as a former girlfriend of Richard's. But Rick's reckless
flying and his careless negotiations with local women may cost
Rick the business and Danny his home. But Ridgeway has his
private investigator Drake (Donald Woods). But Rip can't seem to
forget Mary, and he returns to Grandview to reveal his true
feelings. But Roger pursues Belinha to Brazil, and organises an
engagement for the band at the Hotel Atlântico in Rio de Janeiro,
unaware that the hotel is owned by Belinha's father (Walter
Walker). But Rufus is too stubborn to listen to any new ideas or
mount a new advertising campaign. But Sol hasn't given up,
despite his parents' (Robert Wagner and Christina Pickles)
insistence that he's next to nothing in the real world. But
Sullivan still has a problem – he cannot convince anybody that he
is Sullivan. But Suzanne gets tired of Bill's pride getting in
the way of her dreams for the future. But Sylvia is secretly in
love with Gaylord. But Wendy was his secret high-school
girlfriend, and she caught him cheating after seeing them making
out in her car on the night of their rehearsal dinner. But a bear
appears and attacks Steve, allowing Smosh to escape YouTube. But
a letter left to Helen by Lindsay convinces her that she can take
care of the children. But a young American girl named Miss
Beaumont (Uma Thurman) arrives and flirts with the major. But
after Jane accidentally reveals her secret to a great aunt, who
shortly after dies, Jane gets the opportunity of a lifetime. But
after a while Annabelle wants Julia to come home, so Richard
decides to go down to Philadelphia and bring his wife back. But
after being partnered with her for sparring in self-defense
class, he suddenly notices her as a girl, not another face. But
after he sees that Valerie has fallen in love with Rusty, Big
Frank makes amends with Rusty, allowing Rusty and Valerie to once
again rekindle their relationship. But after meeting Kim, Wyatt
suddenly realizes that he loves Ivy and not Kim. But after
partying with his friends, and sleeping with Dede Mulligan
(Brittany Murphy), he oversleeps, is missing his clothes, and
shows up late to practice inside the clubhouse, wearing Dede's
clothing. But after she's gone, Robert's boss, Al (Tony
Shalhoub), knocks some sense into him: Robert has nothing in his
life except the improbable love of "an intelligent, passionate,
beautiful, rich woman. But after taking an extra dose one night,
he experiences side effects. But although they try to hide it,
Joanna's parents and in particular her father are initially upset
that she is planning to marry a black man. But amazingly (and
predictably), they fall in love, until they break up and then
must find their way back together. But an urgent business matter
requires his presence back inA, then on to Detroit, to save his
company's biggest account. But as soon as he tries out one of the
positions in it, Les throws out his back. But as they leave,
Loretta sees Cosmo and Mona, and she confronts her father. But as
work and children begin to interfere, Helen quickly finds herself
burnt out and disheartened by her responsibilities and Jenny's
lack of faith in her parenting. But at the same moment, Jim finds
him and drags him away to go search for the cabin, giving the
Prospector only enough time to shout to Georgia that he soon will
return to her as a millionaire. But before he can make his move,
he is attacked by William's men. But before he goes to give the
Japanese Yakuza the money, he beats up Guy since he was the
lowest selling waiter. But before his dastardly plan can take
full effect, he winds up dead, and the real twist is who exactly
the murderer is. But before that can happen, Ruby enters and
talks with Viola. But by the film's conclusion, Peabody and his
wife are happily back at home in Boston with only Lenore’s comb
left to prove the reality of his adventure. But by the time she
meets his mother (Plowright), Martha has become convinced he is
not "Mr. But concerned that Kralik's presence will spoil her
first meeting with her "far superior" mystery correspondent, she
calls Kralik a "little insignificant clerk" and asks him to
leave, and he does. But confusion ensues as his wife thinks he
has a big fish in their bathtub and later suspects him of
infidelity with Cathy Livingston (Andrea King), a vacationing
singer. But despite all of this, Winona proposed to Bong. But
different is just what Sandra needs and she reluctantly lets Bif
drag her along to a community dance class where she meets her
sisters friends, Charlie (Timothy Spall), Jackie (Joanna Lumley)
and Ted (David Hayman). But due to vengeance, he now makes a plan
to con the four girls. But even that doesn't stop the deliveryman
(who is clearly over the edge by now) and he drives off. But even
the best laid plans can go astray. But even the simplest plans go
wrong, and on the way to the park Claire's carriage runs over a
monkey by accident. But eventually Mihir falls in love with a
friend of Karan's, Diana (Isha Koppikar) and they get engaged.
But from the moment Darryl meets her, his own career takes off.
But halfway through Pinky's wedding, Tony convinces mr Bhamra to
let Jess go. But he also cannot forget his first crush, the tall,
attractive, blonde Cristabel Abbott, from their time in
elementary school. But he catches the fancy of a beautiful
actress, and eventually the studio owner recognizes him as a
comic genius. But he doesn't know that she's allergic to cologne,
and disaster ensues. But he fails, as he is revealed to be
harboring feelings for Holly as well, in effect telling Holly's
mother the opposite of what is planned. But he finds it difficult
to imagine being alone again. But he forgets about the credit
card for a minute. But he is unsatisfied and dreaming of
something better. But he knows neither the location of the
deposit nor of the cabin. But he refuses. But he reluctantly
agrees to let her stay. But he returns to work late and is fired.
But he soon finds out that it is not all that it is cracked up to
be. But he starts falling for her, and it gets harder to go
through with his plan. But her father is convinced that women
have no place in the business. But her mother and friends are
concerned, she will be a spinster if she doesn't find a husband
soon. But her slowly-emerging past reveals she was nothing like
the sweet, shy girl she'd been the day before: this grown-up
Jenna stole ideas, refused to speak to her parents, has office
sex with the husband of a co-worker. But his effort impresses
Sally, who reconciles with Jeff at the finish. But his friends
persuade the school principal that the school rules allow him to
retake the exam, given his high quality work during the past
year. But his mother does not approve and has an evil sorcerer
(Terry Kiser) trick the Prince into putting a necklace on Jessie,
which turns her into a wooden icon for 1000 years (or until she
finds true love in a foreign land). But his young secretary Miss
Harrison (Patricia Ellis) had renewed it automatically about a
month before. But how will you be able to look at yourself in the
morning. But if his relationships are as successful as his job
hunting, there probably isn't any hope at all. But in fact as
Drake leaves them, they speak as good acquainted people. But in
his speech, he confesses that he cheated by taking an
experimental drug. But in reality he rushes home to the house and
intercepts the telegram before anyone else get to see it. But in
the end she chickens out after getting picked up by an amorous
local boy. But in the main event, an obstacle course, she asks
Jerry to help Richard win. But in the midst of planning a gala
centennial celebration for prom, Nicole and Chase find that the
one they always wanted is closer than they ever realized. But
instead of telling stories, they have lusty adventures, bawdy
exchanges, romance and swordplay. But is having problems with
love. But it's Lori who delivers an ultimatum stating, "It's them
or me--that is the bottom line here. But just as Austin is about
to unmask her, Sam's cell phone alarm goes off, warning her to
return to the diner before Fiona returns at midnight. But just as
his pursuit begins, the police throw a spotlight on him and
demand he halt. But just when the Careys are settled in and
things are going better, they find out that orphaned Cousin
Julia's adoptive parents have run into their own financial
problems and want to send her to the Careys. But just when things
seem to be going right, all goes terribly wrong. But later, she
realizes that he is not the one and ends up leaving the ceremony
after all. But life seems to have other ideas for Emily, who
dreams of becoming a world-famous director and falls in love with
a white boy from university, James Harrison (Matt Whelan). But
life takes an abrupt turn for the worse for George when he
suddenly finds himself the target of a federal criminal
investigation for corporate malfeasance at a company run by his
father, Charles Madison. But never anything more than a night.
But now there's a baby. But on the way to Santa Croce, chattering
away, the two take a wrong turn and get lost. But one day he
found out that he has a rare lung disease. But over time they
both see that they have more in common than first thought and
Morello begins to wonder whether she is truly happy with her
boyfriend Mark (Alastair Mackenzie). But sadness is short-lived,
and a great surprise is reserved for the end. But she also feels
guilty for how rude she was to Sam, so she tries to make it up to
him by setting him up with her girlfriend Marilyn. But she has a
dream to fulfill: to be a mother. But she is soon caught
unprepared when she learns that her mother has grown ill. But she
knows that Nick is worth risking being hurt, and asks him to give
her a second chance. But she remains aloof and spurns his
advance. But she reveals that her own past was not as pure as he
thought, that she too had lied to protect him, and she forgives
him. But she walks in on Darla and yet another Corina brother,
Rick (Tim Rozon) half-dressed. But she's still single, and there
is a reason: Cristabel is still best friends with the same short,
unattractive brunette girl whom Nate also knew in elementary
school, June Phigg. But since Mabel has bet on the other boxer,
the newly reunited couple will have a tidy nest egg to start
their new life together. But since he has to have his name "on
paper" somehow as an employee, he is asked to personally transact
the purchasing of a small gym that the real estate firm is buying
in order to clear space for an office high-rise. But some
islanders wished the base to remain, with the attendant economic
benefits. But somewhere in this year of living ridiculously,
playing grown-up must become being grown-up—and the same-old,
same-old you thought would last forever proves to be as fleeting
as the pop songs of three years ago. But soon the show must move
on to another town, leaving Artie alone with his dreams. But
soon, Toshi has to go to Shanghai, China for three years. But
soon, she finds that her career is too hard to leave behind. But
soon, to his horror, his mother reappears in the sky over New
York City. But the Prospector was not able to find Georgia. But
the Queen is in attendance and restrains Tilney, instead
asserting that Kent's resemblance to a woman is, indeed,
remarkable. But the boy they have raised since childhood (also
narrowly escaping an assassination attempt by the queen) is in
reality Prince Charming, who though he has lost his memory, is
betrothed to Snow White. But the character's defection from the
film has caused some problems. But the house is in a shameful
state of neglect, and caretaker Osh Popham (Burl Ives), against
his wife's wishes, offers cheap labor to make the house livable,
as well as offering free products from his hardware store. But
the minute Pete kisses her goodbye, she promptly changes her
mind. But the monks intervene, and the Crain sisters flee
separately. But the more she thinks about marriage, the more she
must search for the balance between career, marriage, and family.
But the narrator walks away from him, breaking his promise. But
the problem wasn't getting solved, so Ryan, although he is
straight, decides to strip and get into a threesome to get Casey
and Zack together. But the task isn't easy, as Rusty and the guys
struggle to keep sex-crazed Italian exchange student Romano
(Fabrizio Mioni) away from Valerie, while at the same time Rusty
has to keep explaining the situation to his date, a good-time
girl named Deena (Mary Ann Mobley), who has no patience for guys
who stand her up or keep her waiting. But their memories of Lina
loom over everything they try to do, and they can no longer enjoy
their time on the island. But their party is interrupted when
Gary's parents return home and pandemonium ensues. But their
reunion will have to wait: John has returned with cockney war
bride Lilly Herbish (Virginia Field) in tow. But their romance is
threatened and nearly destroyed by the jealous star actress of
the local pantomime company. But then Kevin asks her out, and
Charlie believes that she's finally found the right man. But then
Starla learns that Genevieve was, in fact, a former elementary
school classmate, whom Starla had embarrassed so much that she
felt compelled to move to France and has come back in disguise to
get revenge on Starla. But then Ty Parker (Sterling Knight), a
famous pop singer extraordinaire, shows up at Spunn, saying that
he needs something different, even if it means his fans shunning
him. But then it is she who reveals the truth: she knew he was
really Catcher from the beginning, but she also lied as she is
not Barbara Novak but Nancy Brown, once one of Catcher's many
secretaries, who fell in love with him while working at Know, but
who turned him down when he asked her out because she did not
want to be just another one in his long list of romances. But
then, out of jealousy, informs the convent's Holy Mother of his
deception, that he is actually neither deaf nor dumb. But there
is a complication, asking Lucía if she can borrow her boyfriend,
to accomplish her dream. But there is a deeper problem with their
relationship, just hinted at under the opening credits in the
prologue, and only disclosed at the end. But things get better
for the Bellas when the Footnotes are later disqualified from the
national competition because the lead singer was actually not in
college yet, calling the Bellas to take part instead. But things
get complicated when Russ pops in with a proposal and a mistaken
assumption. But this simple transaction will bring problems after
Uma gets pregnant, and the feelings that no one was waiting for
appear, transforming the lives of each of the characters. But
tomorrow she's off for school in France, and maybe she only
granted this miracle as a parting gift for her long-time friend.
But trouble erupts when he tries to integrate Mary Tate into his
country-club scene. But trouble starts already when Rip overhears
a conversation between a woman named Mary Peterman (Jane Wyman)
trying to convince the mayor (Harry Holman) to expand the town
and build a number of new buildings: a civic center. But
unfortunately the show attracted not only good people, but also a
gang of evil bandits trying to steal the money raised from the
show. But what Marina fails to grasp about her powers is that she
can see the future of strangers far more clearly than her own,
and love is unpredictable no matter how many ways you have to
look for it. But what began as a one-night stand turns into love
as when her vacation is done, she flies to Hawaii every chance
she gets to meet with her latest love interest, which soon gets
disapproval from her ex-husband, her kids, and even her close
friends. But when Albert visits, he meets James and the two get
into an argument, the secret upsetting James he asks Mollie if
she loves Albert and she claims she does not know. But when Andy
learns that his old deputy Barney Fife (Don Knotts), now back in
Mayberry working as acting sheriff, announced his own candidacy
while Andy was on the road back to town he quietly tells Opie, "I
won't run against Barney". But when Betty finds out about an
affair Bradley had 25 years ago, she refuses to live with him,
which then forces Ava into moving her father into her house,
without consulting Charlie. But when Brad has Gwen hide the
money, and tells Dolly that their victim stopped payment on his
check, Dolly takes all of the money and makes a quick getaway.
But when Colette's best friend Mitzi Olivier (Genevieve Tobin)
insists upon being treated by dr Bertier, it looks to many of
those concerned that Mitzi may succeed where the other willing
ladies failed. But when Dudley spends time cheering up Julia,
there is an unexpected development: Dudley finds himself strongly
attracted to her. But when Holden makes a pass at her, she
rejects him, leaving him dismayed. But when Katharine breaks her
leg skiing in Europe, she asks Tess to house-sit. But when
Maggie's father and Ben's boss, Maine's Governor Welling
(Brolin), makes a speech against gay marriage, Shel goes on
strike for equal rights. But when Scott enters the competition,
it seems Darryl's break has gone down the drain. But when Will
overhears Jan talking to Eric on howJ. But when Winona rejected
his apology, he fainted and was hospitalized. But when he and
Angie meet the abortionist, who turns out not to be a doctor,
Rocky refuses to let her go through with the dangerous procedure.
But when he arrives at the crowded hotel he is supposed to stay
at, there are no rooms available. But when he finds her and
Philip in domestic repose, and Susan knitting baby booties, he
knows the battle for her love is lost. But when he goes round to
hers to ask her out to the dance, he is tricked into believing
that he's interrupting an intimate evening she's spending with
Drew, so leaves before asking, disillusioned. But when he leaves
with no acknowledgement, she realizes again she is wrong. But
when he makes the mistake of buying Anton's artwork in order to
make the poor count feel worthy of proposing to Maria, it
backfires. But when her plans fall apart, the girl stumbles into
a mysterious world of Russian sailors, high-stakes gambling, and
unexpected love. But when his test scores are finally retrieved,
his new license is torn up and he is officially failed. But when
it turns out that Schuyler is to be solely responsible until the
19-year-old Nan can turn 21, Burke is adamant that he will not
continue the masquerade for two whole years. But when midnight
strikes, she is reverted to her old rag clothing, and her once
luxurious vehicle is reduced to some 1890s Daimler model with her
being the one driving it. But when one of the Americans takes a
shine to Bobby's girl and the other clashes with local hoodlums,
Bobby realises he has to stand up for himself or risk losing
everything he loves. But when the idealistic Luke meets a girl
whose family shows him the home life he's always wanted, he
abandons Corey and their family beer in pursuit of this budding
relationship. But when the time comes, she decides instead to
begin by calling the other, to apologize and explain. But when
things start to get serious, Eva's sisters all start comparing
their relationships to Ray and Eva's relationship, making things
even worse than before. But when tragedy strikes, and the group's
newest member, 23-year-old Kevin (Andrew Keegan), attempts to fit
in, their friendships are put to the test. But while Claire is
getting ready for her meeting with Robert, Charles arrives and
throws her a proposal of marriage there on the spot. But while
the careers of his buddies take off, Charley and Vicki begin to
have children and raise a family. But with the help of their drag
queen friends, and to great applause from the audience (who think
it is part of their act), Connie and Carla take them down. But,
after she saves Bill’s neck (Buster Crabbe), with her old six-
shooter, during a botched hold-up. But, as John remarks, to
themselves the family's oddness seems "right as rain". But, at
the last minute, because he speaks of their joint loss in
Vietnam, Dixie joins him on stage for one last song and dance,
before appearing to accept their mutual love for one another.
But, talking fast, Danny and Hank get Chisholm back on board, and
are able to get Shaw to agree to put Danny's song into the show.
ButJ. ButJ. Butch emerges and refuses to give the ball back, so
Danny (Bobby Jordan) runs after him. Butch, who approves of
Valentine, informs her of this. Butchey Weinstein (Henry Winkler)
is highly intelligent but hides his brains behind a clownish
front, while Wimpy Murgalo (Paul Mace) is a colorless follower in
awe of Chico and Stanley. Butler arrives at the shed to futilely
get Ernest to reel the monster back in, but Andy catches both of
them in the act. Butler found some old dragon artifacts,
presumably left by the restaurant's former owners, and hired
Ernest to perpetuate a hoax at Myer's Lake to attract customers
by stealing some neighbors' chickens and dogs to make people
think they were eaten by the monster. Butt Massage Girl
accompanies them as they go to their reunion. Buttercup decides
to commit suicide when she reaches the honeymoon suite. Buttercup
later receives word that the Dread Pirate Roberts, who is
notorious for killing all those whose vessels he boards, attacked
his ship at sea. Buttercup learns that Humperdinck never sent any
ships, and taunts him with her enduring love for Westley.
Buttercup negotiates for Westley's release and returns with
Humperdinck to the palace to await their wedding. Bwick also
turns out to be "no Joe" for Lucy. By accident she happens to
check in at the same hotel as the one where the bachelor party
takes place, and Johnny resides. By accident, Bradley's final
move, a spinning windmill, bumps Eliot in the face, both knocking
him to the floor and bloodying his nose. By acting aloof she
attracts Rocky, whom she invites to dinner. By all means, Rome".
By chance they stumble upon Derek in the woods, for he is
searching for the Great Animal. By chance, Mei-yue came with the
film crew and stood in as an extra on the set. By chance, Roger
shows up. By chance, her father is there as well, dressed in a
fine suit. By chance, one inmate turns out to be Arlington (he
had been paid by the crooked lawyer to confess to being mentally
disturbed when he "murdered" Antoinette). By chance, the same
woman whom Ronald had met a few days earlier walks in and, seeing
the newspaper story, tearfully exclaims that she is Ronald's
wife. By chance, they are joined by Inez's friend Paul, who is
described as both pedantic and a pseudo-intellectual, and who
speaks with great authority but questionable accuracy on the
history and artworks of Paris. By chance, two of Dan's friends
are also aboard, thief Skippy (Frank McHugh) and con artist
"Barrel House Betty" (Aline MacMahon), masquerading as "Countess
Barilhaus". By claiming to be ordered to dangerous duty Merle
tries to seduce Blue, who when she discovers the ruse barely
gives him the time of day. By coincidence, Guy Holden (Fred
Astaire) an American dancer and friend of Egbert's, who briefly
met Mimi on her arrival in England, and who is now besotted with
her, also arrives at the hotel, only to be mistaken by Mimi for
the co-respondent she has been waiting for. By coincidence, all
three of his girlfriends go to Los Angeles after hearing their
horoscopes read by Walter Mercado, Univision's Primer Impacto
fortune teller. By contrast, Omar's paternal uncle Nasser is a
successful entrepreneur and an active member of the London
Pakistani community. By contrast, they all look up to the
exciting, swinging bachelor "Uncle Ernie", who is always there to
give advice to Val and the kids. By her teen years, Pippa
discovers that her mother takes amphetamines in order to self-
medicate her vast mood swings. By middle school, the two were on
the verge of romance, but Connor's hesitation at asking her for a
dance caused Jenny to dance with and kiss another boy. By
mistake, and because Amy is looking for John Grey, she and the
twins are taken for a hired act to perform at the bachelor party
dinner. By mistake, she ends up married to Ernie. By morning, a
zombie apocalypse has overwhelmed London, but the hungover Shaun
is slow to notice. By morning, both their sweethearts are
exasperated. By now, it’s become apparent that some form of
Perry’s soul is living inside R, and has intertwined with R’s
own. By now, the entire Byrnes family, including Pam, agree with
Jack that Greg needs to leave. By now, the students have seen
Taylor for who she is, thanks to Mac revealing her actions
against Laney and her involvement with Dean to sabotage Zack. By
questioning himself on the witness stand, David reveals he is
genuinely in love with Jean, and the two are reconciled. By
secretly staying behind, Elvira hopes to find out if Michael is
indeed sneaking around behind her back. By some mistake, he ends
up in a reality show with Estrella Cuevas (Paz Vega), an aspiring
actress. By some stroke of luck, Laida lands the job. By spring,
the women have forgiven their "kidnappers" and fallen in love
with the brothers, who are now allowed to court them. By summer's
end the teens are engaged, and Win buys Freud's bear and
motorcycle and travels the country performing to raise money to
go to Harvard, which he subsequently attends while Mary starts
their family. By the conclusion, he has successfully wooed Sara –
with some encouragement and advice from the sign. By the end of
the film, Geraldine and Prudence are both expecting. By the end
of the movie, Nuke is called up to the majors. By the end, all
ends well for everybody; the Bensons get back together and Poe
proposes to LaVerne. By the epilogue, however, Darrin and
Samantha most often embrace, having overcome the devious elements
that failed to separate them. By the start of the new school
year, the Plastics have disbanded. By the terms of her late
father's will, spoiled London heiress Epifania Ognissanti di
Parerga, the richest woman in the world, cannot marry unless her
prospective husband is able to turn £500 into £15,000 within a
three-month period. By the time Charlie literally drags ship
owner mrs Carruthers across the dance floor, the boys aren't sure
if they will find true love or need to abandon ship. By the time
Danielle (Drew Barrymore) is eighteen, the estate has fallen into
decline. By the time Manning understands what is going on, he is
shut out of the mine, which turns into a moneymaker. By the time
Mia gets back to the palace, the scandalous footage is already
being broadcast. By the time Michael finally is able to meet
Carole's parents and agree to settle down, he and Fassbender both
catch the eye of yet another young woman, creating the distinct
possibility of the whole thing happening all over again. By the
time Thorndyke arrives to collect Herbie, he is nowhere to be
found, and Jim sets off into the night hoping to find Herbie and
make amends before the car is seized by Thorndyke's goons. By the
time he has finished his own ship has departed, and he is forced
to stay on board the Soviet vessel until it reaches Grimsby. By
the time he obtains one, Willie has wandered off. By the time of
the film's third Thanksgiving, Lee has married someone she met
while taking classes at Columbia, while Hannah and Elliot have
reconciled their marriage. By the time she discovers she is
pregnant, all three have moved on and she, uncertain of which is
the father, convinces each of the three (who are unaware of the
existence of the other two) to support "his" daughter, Gia,
financially. By then it is too late, and Joy agrees to keep up
the ruse of being a "real" teacher for the time being. By then,
Gregory is rather confused, but goes for a walk with the new
girl. By this point, June's family is anxious to meet her
boyfriend. By this point, Martin has run out of ammunition, and
when Grocer tries to trick him into "selling" him a weapon for
$100,000, Martin kills him by crushing his head with a
television. By this point, both Josh and Ace have fallen in love
with Mima. By this time Andy has sobered up and, after witnessing
Beth's methods of foreplay, he starts to have second thoughts. By
this time though, Millie has lost her heart to Doug. By this
time, Ann and Gilly, though they had only spent a short time
together, have already fallen in love. By this time, Ellen is no
longer sure of Nick's feelings for her. By this time, Riley has
told Shadow if humans mean that much to him he will take them to
the bridge. Byrd walks out, but Gaby remains. Byron (Jefferey
Lewis) and his girlfriend Rose (Chontelle Moore) arrive, and Aunt
Bam tells Rose she wants her $20, which Rose borrowed about a
year ago. Byron, Karen (and her baby), and Rose leave, Kimberly
demands to know why she was called, and Jason chides her for her
attitude,which angers her more and she storms out. Béatrix's
lover Mathieu arrives in the village and manages to sneak
opportunities to be with her. C. Cabot warns the actor about the
plot and advises him to travel straight to Paris, but Garrick
decides to continue on to the inn and play along with French
actors, despite the misgivings of his servant Tubby (Edward
Everett Horton). Cady soon learns about Regina's "Burn Book", a
journal filled with rumors, secrets, and gossip about the other
girls and some teachers at school. Cafe Metropole owner Victor
Lobard (Adolphe Menjou) first has to get drunken American
Alexander Brown (Tyrone Power) to leave his exclusive
establishment after closing time. Cal advises Andy to simply ask
questions when talking to women, which makes Andy seem
mysterious. Cal agrees on one condition: at the first sign of
trouble, he'll be sent to an animal shelter, and if nobody claims
him, the animal shelter can put him to sleep. Cal, worried about
him, hires Bernadette (Marika Dominczyk), an attractive woman, to
fill in for Andy. Caleb also tells Kyle that he knows Kyle has
feelings for him and that, if Caleb were at all gay, he'd be with
Kyle. Caleb and Marc go out on a date then go back to Marc's
place to watch a movie. Caleb convinces Marc to talk to Kyle and
Gwen figures out the entire scheme, which she thinks is the
sweetest thing anyone's ever done for her in light of the lengths
to which Caleb went to sleep with her. Caleb goes home and goes
to bed. Caleb sees her and becomes infatuated and meets Marc
Everhard (Ryan Carnes), with whom Kyle is infatuated. Caleb,
feeling confused and insecure, leaves. Calvin Clifford (C) "Bud"
Baxter (Jack Lemmon) is a lonely office drudge at a national
insurance corporation in a high-rise building in New York City.
Calvin Weir-Fields (Paul Dano) is a young novelist who is
struggling to recreate the early success of his first novel but
unable to commit to any of his ideas. Calvin complains about
Ruby's singing while she cooks and he reads. Calvin explains that
he feels overwhelmed, and they make up. Calvin feels miserable
and fearful Ruby will soon break up with him. Calvin finds Ruby
just as she is stepping into the pool with Langdon. Calvin hangs
his head in anguish, before gently attempting to approach Ruby.
Calvin has a dream in which he meets an attractive young woman,
who draws a picture of Scotty and says she likes him. Calvin
introduces Ruby to Harry, who is incredulous at first and
suggests alternate explanations. Calvin replies, "I promise".
Calvin tires of this and writes that Ruby is instead "filled with
effervescent joy," at which point she becomes constantly happy.
Calvin wakes and is inspired to write about her. Calvin writes a
final page, which states that as soon as Ruby leaves the house
she is no longer his creation, no longer subject to his will, and
she is free. Calvin's brother Harry (Chris Messina) and sister-
in-law Susie (Toni Trucks) come to visit and find several
articles of women's clothing around the house. Cameron James, a
new student at Padua High School in the Seattle area, becomes
instantly smitten with popular sophomore Bianca Stratford.
Cameron admits his feelings for her and his frustration with how
she has treated him. Cameron begins to fall in love with her but
is crushed after discovering her list and realizing he was just
part of her "mission". Cameron leaves in a huff and Brandy cries.
Cameron selects "bad boy" Patrick Verona, but Patrick scares him
off. Camille and Jesse arrive at Britney's to offer their
condolences, and when they see Britney and Brad (Jake McDorman)
dressed up for the dance, Camille kicks her off the squad.
Camille finds out and follows as well. Camille is nervous because
she still has feelings over leaving her lover Pierre, who she
tracks down in a park. Camille turns up with the ring and offers
it back to Sonia, who says Camille has earned it and must keep
it. Camille, after being persuaded by her friends to "do it for
the squad," reluctantly invites her onto the squad. Camille,
impressed by this, lets Britney cheer with them again. Cammy
grabs a condom and they have sex, where it's revealed that he
isn't gay but the two girls might be as the sex is mostly Cammy
and Treece having sex with Rich just being a bystander. Cammy,
Treece, and Rich try to tip over a cow but fail miserably. Can
Terris and Sommers put aside their mutual animosity long enough
to make a go of this production. Candace and Michael are married,
and everybody, including Loretta, cheers and celebrates. Candace
disagrees with Michael, saying that he needs to apologize to
Loretta, because as a mother herself, she would be heartbroken if
her own son did not let her go to his wedding. Candace tells
Julian she regrets that one time she ever gave "extra favors" to
a client and they reconcile. Cantankerous tycoon John Merrick
(Charles Coburn) goes undercover as a shoe clerk at his own New
York department store to identify agitators trying to form a
union, after seeing a newspaper picture of his employees hanging
him in effigy. Capt. Captain Barton learns that he is being
transferred to Panama and asks Sheila to marry him and accompany
him there. Captain Burke is sure he kidnapped and possibly
murdered Diane, and is frustrated when the alleged victim shows
up looking for her husband. Captain Spratt orders him to serve as
an orderly, scrubbing the ship. Captain Tom Barton (John
Hubbard), an old friend and potential suitor, invites Sheila and
her Aunt Louise (Marjorie Gateson) to visit him and his mother
(Ann Shoemaker) on his Army base. Cardinal Richelieu, who wants
war between France and England, plans to expose the tryst and
persuades the King to demand the Queen wear the diamonds to a
soirée that the Cardinal is sponsoring. Carefree and true to her
name, Breezy steals the show with both her charm and her lack of
self-awareness. Carefree vagabond Johnny Rutledge (William
Holden) is stuck in a small town when his medicine show employer
and friend Professor Mordecai Ford (Charles Winninger) is put in
jail. Carefully pursuing a relationship, they attend the
Christmas pageant (involving David and Natalie, Harry and Karen's
children, Daniel and Sam, et al) at the local school with John's
brother. Carface Caruthers, their old enemy (Ernest Borgnine),
steals Gabriel's Horn, attempts to pass through the Pearly gates
using the music they perform in order to open it so he can leave
Heaven with the horn, but it closes on him to protect it from
being stolen. Carface comes out of hiding and attempts to
downplay his involvement. Carface then kidnaps David and demands
that Charlie bring Gabriel's horn to Alcatraz Island and give it
to Red in exchange for David's life. Carl and Dupree later make
up on the beach, as Dupree apologizes for laughing at Molly's
father's jokes. Carl and Molly get married. Carl and Molly take
Dupree into their home, though clearly they are frustrated as he
is disruptive and messy. Carl and mr Thompson finally reach an
understanding and Thompson admits to his agenda of insulting
Carl. Carl does his best to secure his client's freedom, but only
succeeds in annoying the police lieutenant (Harry Morgan). Carl
is a man of integrity and does not want to ruin Sarah's young
dreams. Carl is enraged and strikes the military man. Carl is
entertaining at the party ("The Last Dance"), and when she sees
the depth of his love for her, she agrees to run away with him to
Vienna. Carl kicks Dupree out, suspecting an affair, which shocks
Dupree. Carl observes a woman (Penelope) in a stereo store who is
being pressured by an overzealous sales clerk. Carl's earlier
love, Manon, is another entertainer at the cafe, who has mixed
feelings about Sarah ("If Love Were All"). Carl's fury boils over
as he then imagines Dupree hanging out with mr Thompson and
engaging in sex with Molly, causing Carl to jump across the table
and attempting to strangle Dupree; mr Thompson hits Carl over the
head with a candlestick shortly after. Carla Perez (portrayed by
Carla Fabianny as a child and by herself as an adult) lives with
her father Raimundo (Armindo Bião) and unnamed tuberculous mother
(Juliana Calil) in a small, poor shack located somewhere in the
middle of the sertão of Bahia. Carla is forced into a series of
comic slapstick situations as she tries to keep them—each one
anxious to meet his daughter (Janet Margolin) for the first
time—from discovering her secret, while at the same time trying
to keep Gia from running off to Paris to be with a much older
married man who will take her to Brazil. Carla's ambition is to
seek more independence from her family by earning a diploma from
a trade school. Carla's father Radley (Tom Skerritt) is a dentist
and recovering alcoholic. Carla, having an innate talent for
dancing, soon is spotted by eccentric talent manager Pierre
(Perry Salles) and his personal assistant Beto (Josevaldo
Oliveira); she is initially enthusiastic about her newly acquired
fame, but soon discovers Pierre is an unscrupulous man that is
only interested into the profits of exploiting her. Carlson
chases her home, and unknowingly starts a fire while trying to
persuade her to come out. Carlson immediately falls for mr
Schmidt's niece, Louise, but she resists him. Carlson wants to
take Louise, so Ted hatches a plan to take Louise, and have
himself and Carlson dressed alike, then switch places at the
ball. Carlucci moves Pamela's belongings into Wendell's room to
prevent an international incident, and the two are thrown
together. Carmelo doesn't correct this impression and finds the
ruse as a way to open up to her. Carmelo, is 30 years old and
extremely shy. Carmen (America Ferrara) auditions for Perdita in
a Vermont acting workshop. Carmen asks Tibby to help after she
and her stepfather (Paul Coughlan) cannot get to the hospital in
time. Carmen attends an actor workshop in Vermont, prompted by
fellow Yale student, Julia (Rachel Nichols). Carmen believes Ian
would prefer to be with Julia, so she declines his offers to
practice and falters in rehearsals. Carmen is offered a high-
profile job in Barcelona, and half-heartedly agrees to accept it,
although soon after her father drives her to the airport she
returns home, determined to follow in her father's footsteps and
open a restaurant of her own. Carmen overhears Julia tell
director Bill to replace Carmen, but he does not. Carmen talks
about how she connects with Perdita, winning her the part, while
Julia, though clearly jealous, promises to help Carmen. Carnegie
Mellon English Professor Lawrence Wetherhold (Dennis Quaid) is a
widowed parent of his alienated college son, James (Ashton
Holmes), overachieving high school daughter, Vanessa (Ellen
Page), and sibling to his adopted ne'er-do-well brother, Chuck
(Thomas Haden Church) that he cannot evade enough. Carol leaves
Andrew and returns to America, and after a year of sobriety
Andrew returns to the bottle. Carol leaves in a huff. Carol
reveals she set up an ad for Sarah on an online dating site,
perfectmatchcom, using a picture from Sarah's high school
graduation. Carol, a super agent and star-maker, has just scooped
her competition by selling the movie rights to the romance novel
Whirlwind and is spending a fortune to find the perfect actor to
play the male lead. Carole, meanwhile, decides to make Michael
jealous by flirting with his nervous wreck of a friend, Victor
Shakapopulis (Woody Allen). Caroline (Tomei) is a young woman in
the Minneapolis/St Paul area working as a waitress and attending
beauty school part-time who is always unlucky in love. Caroline
agrees, but during the evening, Steve convinces her of his
innocence, and as they drive back to school, the newlyweds make
plans to return to California together. Caroline blithely tells
Mason that she cannot decide now between Del Valle and
Martindale, forcing Anthony into a new set of situations where he
has to work overtime to win her back. Caroline blurts out the
truth to the hotel management and Marisa is fired in front of
Chris in Lane’s hotel suite. Caroline feigns an accident, which
leaves her confined to a wheelchair for a few weeks and gets
nurse Carey to attend to Miranda. Caroline flirts with Paco Del
Valle (Gilbert Roland) while at a charity ball in Alpine Lodge,
Idaho, and Paco then asks mr Bliss (Charles Winninger), her
father, for permission to marry his daughter. Caroline is a young
woman who dreams of finding her prince charming. Caroline is
engaged to Ronald Baker, but when he shows up, Miranda does not
like him at all. Caroline reads about the forthcoming concert
during her holiday, guesses what Barbara intends, and rushes back
to take Miranda's place, foiling Barbara's scheme. Caroline,
visibly upset, begins to doubt their relationship and almost runs
into the hiding Cecil a few times, though Eliot manages to cover.
Carrie arrives, tells her friends about the kiss, and asks them
whether she should tell Big, as they have no secrets between
them. Carrie lists her more than thirty sexual partners. Carrie
observes that they may have missed an opportunity and then
returns to America. Carrie opts to call Big to tell him. Carrie
pretends that, now they have slept together, they will have to
get married, to which Charles endeavours to respond before
realising she is joking. Carrie runs away in panic and returns to
the hotel. Carrie runs into her former lover, Aidan. Carrie
visits Charles to apologise for attending the wedding. Carrie's
marriage to mr Big has settled down, though they differ on how to
spend their spare time. Carrie, Heather and Beth begin fighting.
Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte, and Miranda meet up with each other.
Carrie, however, is disappointed, as she had hoped for jewelry as
a gift. Carried away by the emotion of the wedding, the two
couples decide that they will also be married that day. Carrol
Naish), the forger, and retrieves his money. Carter confesses
that the surrender of the Germans was a lucky accident and that
his role in it was more foolish than heroic. Carter confesses the
truth. Carter had introduced the two, in an attempt to further
endear himself to Helene, since he found out that Lita dreamed of
being a stage performer. Carter is distraught, thinking he has
lost the woman he loves. Carter is entranced with the sensible,
earnest Helene. Carter is ordered to simply say he got too much
credit for his war actions, but must give a hefty part of his
paycheck to the American Legion. Carter mentions to Dodge that he
is finished playing football, based on the threat the
commissioner had made. Carter soon discovers Lexie's agenda and
is doubly hurt when he learns that Dodge and Lexie are starting
to show affections for each other and even shared a kiss.
Carter's conniving manager is banned from football as well.
Carter's manager resorts to shady dealing to cover it up, even
bribing the original witness to change his story. Carter. Cas and
Isabel decide to give it another try. Cas decides to ask Madge to
marry him, even though her fatherJ. Cas disguises himself as a
doctor and kidnaps the kid. Cas leaves town because of a letter
from a dr Zernerke summoning him to Chicago, but promises to be
back in time for the wedding. Casey Carlyle (Michelle
Trachtenberg), a very smart and talented science student, plans
to pursue a scholarship to Harvard University. Casey agrees and
all three pairs stumble on stage together before the curtain
closes on the show. Casey asks Tina to be her personal coach and
help her train for sectionals. Casey becomes suspicious of
Benji's sexuality when he refuses to kiss Genevieve in a class,
and so enlists the help of Penny to help. Casey declines the
Harvard scholarship competition to devote herself to skating to
her mother's dismay. Casey stands in for Zack, and is shocked to
find Benji becomes sexually aroused during their kiss. Cash
explains that Jack is experiencing a glimpse of an alternate
universe in order to learn a lesson. Cash tells Jack that actions
have consequence and that Jack has brought whatever is coming on
himself. Cassandra and Rose soon become intrigued by the
unmarried brothers Simon and Neil Cotton. Cassandra becomes
obsessed with Simon, but suffers feelings of guilt since he is
Rose's fiancé. Cassandra concludes that she must tactfully
deflect Stephen's offer of love, and encourage him in his
emerging career as a model and a film actor; join forces with
Thomas to help their father overcome his writer's block by the
drastic expedient of imprisoning him in a medieval tower; cope
with her own increasing attraction to Simon; and record
everything in her journal. Cassandra's father is a writer
suffering from writer's block who has not published anything
since his first book, Jacob Wrestling (a reference to Jacob
wrestling with the angel), an innovative and "difficult" novel
that sold well and made his name, including in the United States.
Cassandra, the younger daughter and the first-person narrator of
the novel, has literary ambitions and spends a lot of time
developing her writing talent by "capturing" everything around
her in her journal. Cassidy breaks down, tearfully telling Sutter
that she can no longer avoid her future and that she needs to
grow up, even if he does not. Catcher realizes he can do
something and writes a new exposé "How Falling In Love With
Barbara Novak Made Me A New Man". Catcher swears revenge on
Barbara and to undo the damage (as he sees it) done by her book
by writing the "exposé of the Century" - he will prove to the
world that, deep down, all women are the same, they all want love
and marriage. Catcher's boss and best friend, Peter MacMannus,
and Vikki take a liking to one another. Catching a taxi, where a
couple leave, he recognises them as his wife and Strothers who
have evidently just returned from their holiday in Tenerife.
Catching on to this habit, Spike substitutes himself on the third
pass, and gets wooed in a Charles Boyer voice (his lines recycled
from The Zoot Cat). Catherine manages to straighten out the
situation, and they finally have some privacy - in the ship's
brig. Cathy Timberlake, a New York City career woman, meets
Philip Shayne after his Rolls Royce splashes her dress with mud
while she is on her way to a job interview. Cathy and Michael are
distraught, and spend several days searching for Lina. Cathy goes
to Lina's home to confront her. Cathy is naturally disturbed by
this, but tells him to get it out of his system, which he takes
as permission to return to Lina. Cathy knows Michael is still
sleeping with Lina from time to time, but seems to accept it,
although she says it would be difficult for her to see them in
bed together. Cathy reads a book of sexual techniques, then ties
Michael to the bed and drips candle wax on his chest. Cathy tells
her mother she's never been happier in her life. Cathy then goes
to a local bar intending to sleep with another man as a way to
get revenge against Michael for cheating on her. Cathy's
complaints about the umpire while seated alongside Mickey Mantle,
Roger Maris and Yogi Berra (playing themselves) cause umpire Art
Passarella to throw all of them out of the game. Caught between
the pressure from Kranski and the demands of the art world, Vince
has to cleverly maneuver his way out to become his own man and
his own artist. Cecil and Edith leave together and return married
- though the ceremony involved the Beadle giving away the bride.
Cecil annoys everyone by pacing around and reading aloud from a
light romance novel that contains a scene suspiciously
reminiscent of when George kissed Lucy in Florence. Cecil is a
sophisticated and "superior" Londoner who is desirable in terms
of rank and class, even though he despises country society; he is
also somewhat of a comic figure in the novel, as he gives himself
airs and is quite pretentious. Cecil proposes to Lucy twice in
Italy; she rejects him both times. Cecil proposes yet again at
Windy Corner, and this time she accepts. Cecil wakes up Eliot,
and he rushes to get ready in time for their arrival, and even
though the night before had been completely innocent, he panics
while getting ready and accidentally puts on Cecil's underwear
instead of his own. Cecilia must choose between them and she
decides to choose the real person of Gil rather than the fantasy
figure of Tom. Cedar calls an expert who diagnoses manic
depression based on Babe's articles and Deeds' current behavior;
he gets Deeds' Mandrake Falls tenants, eccentric elderly sisters
Jane and Amy Faulkner (Margaret Seddon and Margaret McWade), to
testify that Deeds is "pixilated". Cedar gives his cynical
troubleshooter, ex-newspaperman Cornelius Cobb (Lionel Stander),
the task of keeping reporters away from Deeds. Cedar tries to get
Deeds' power of attorney in order to keep his own financial
misdeeds secret. Cedric (Kevin Hart) begins by saying how Las
Vegas has always been a place for casinos and showgirls, and is
the perfect place for couples to get married. Cedric and his
friends are all in Las Vegas for the wedding of Michael (Terrence
J) and Candace (Regina Hall), with her son Duke (Caleel Harris)
and mother (Angela Gibbs) joining them. Cedric books himself a
lavish suite and intends to go all out for a wild weekend. Cedric
finds himself in trouble when Gail finds out that he's been using
her card to pay for his expenses, running her up to $40,000 in
charges. Cedric tries to claim the prize as it was his dollar,
though everybody else tries to hold him back from fighting
Bennett. Cedric, feeling like a failure as a best man, packs his
bags to leave Vegas; however, with the help of his personal
butler, Declan (Jim Piddock), he finds another venue. Ceghe
(Cremonini) and Berni (Fasolo) are close friends who are both
uneasily transitioning into their adult lives. Celeste (Kim
Basinger) is an alien sent on a secret mission to Earth and
Steven Mills (Dan Aykroyd) is a widowed scientist who is working
on different ways to send radio waves into deep space. Celeste
(Rashida Jones) and Jesse (Andy Samberg) are best friends who
start dating in high school and eventually marry young. Celeste
Talbert (Sally Field), the long-time star of the daytime drama
The Sun Also Sets, is targeted by her ambitious co-star Montana
Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty); Montana connives to supplant Celeste
as the show's star by promising sexual favors to its producer,
David Seton Barnes (Robert Downey, Jr). Celeste and Jesse still
get along well. Celeste and Jesse's continuing closeness after
their separation and in the process of divorcing becomes
increasingly annoying to their mutual engaged best friends, Beth
(Ari Graynor) and Tucker (Eric Christian Olsen). Celeste begins
to finally move on with her life and with Paul. Celeste believes
that Riley is angry over the logo she designed for her that
unintentionally resembles a penis going into a butt. Celeste
crashes a party hosted by Steven's brother Ron (Jon Lovitz),
where she immediately draws attention to herself by making dated
references to old TV shows and political slogans under the
mistaken belief that it was current (her superiors had just
collected the information, which had taken 92 years to get from
Earth to her home world). Celeste decides to separate but
promises to stay friends and date other people. Celeste
encounters new experiences such as sneezing, sexual intercourse,
and love. Celeste encourages him to keep fighting for it and they
have one last kiss. Celeste is a successful trend analyzer and
runs her own media company with her partner, Scott (Elijah Wood).
Celeste is at first content with her current situation until they
spend a night together. Celeste later gets a call from Riley
asking her to come over. Celeste plans to depart once she
discovers the truth, but is put in a quandary by Jessie, who says
it will devastate her father, for whom Celeste has now developed
feelings. Celeste realizes that her decision to divorce Jesse was
impulsive and selfish, and wants to reunite with him. Celeste
wishes Jesse well. Celeste's inexperience almost results in her
exposing herself as alien when she struggles with simple tasks
like trying to kiss for the first time or cooking. Celeste's
media company has just signed Riley Banks (Emma Roberts), a teen
pop-star whom Celeste does not respect and had openly bashed
during a previous television interview. Celia Amonte (Sofia
Milos) is a Portuguese American widow who lives in New Bedford,
Massachusetts with her daughter Vicky (Emmy Rossum). Celine
Naville (Diaz) is the spoiled twenty-something daughter of a
wealthy businessman. Celine easily slips free but decides to
stick around. Celine hurriedly drives him back to the city, to be
operated on by Elliot (the closest thing she can find to a
discreet medical specialist). Celine shoots Robert and the bullet
passes through, to hit Mayhew in the shoulder. Centuries pass.
Certain that Augie is covering for Dick, the next day Isolde
tells Alice, who promises to repay the money. Certain that he's
facing an imminent demise, George confesses to Virginia that he's
had an affair with her best friend Jane Richards (Catherine
McLeod). Certain that their marriage is now imminent, Sagamore
meets the terms of the will by purchasing Kabir's medical papers
for £15,000. Chad asks Taylor out, and Sharpay makes peace with
Gabriella. Chad then asks Taylor to go to prom with him with a
cheesy pick-up line. Chadwick Gates (Elvis Presley) has just
gotten out of the Army, and is happy to be back in Hawaii with
his surfboard, his beach buddies, and his girlfriend Maile Duval
(Joan Blackman). Chained to an engine block in Wayne's garage,
Judith convincesD. Chalet Girl Georgie (Tamsin Egerton) is sent
to help Kim out but doesn't seem to like her as she is anything
but posh or glamorous and she can't ski or snowboard as she has
never been to the Alps. Chalky tries to get the kids in trouble
by informing Barnes of their plans to run away, but in an effort
to establish a code of honor, Barnes punishes Chalky for being an
informer. Chance realizes he has fallen in love with Delilah and
they head out of the park. Chandler is not married, so Warren
volunteers his long-suffering fiancée, Gladys Benton (Jean
Harlow), over her loud protests. Changing his mind,Evan goes to
Quincy's job and tells him that he thinks he's in love with
Nicky, and that she's been seeing another man. Chaperoning the
pair is Aunt Albertina (Jessie Royce Landis). Char unwittingly
orders Ella to marry him, causing Ella to will herself to defy
the order out of her desire to protect him and the kingdom from
her curse. Charity decides to seek some cultural enlightenment
from the YMHA on 92nd Street, where she gets stuck in a broken
elevator with shy tax accountant Oscar Lindquist. Charity lies,
saying she works for First National City, Williamsburg Branch.
Charles Bonnet (Hugh Griffith) is a highly skilled art forger who
pretends to be an art collector. Charles Lodge (William Powell),
a free-spirited bohemian who lives in a cluttered car trailer,
disrupts the well-ordered life of successful, hardworking
businesswoman Margit Agnew (Myrna Loy) when he convinces her
younger sister Irene (Florence Rice) that she should become an
actress. Charles agrees to both terms. Charles agrees to meet
with Lili that same night at the Oyster Bed Café, located down by
the docks. Charles and Tom discuss whether hoping to find your
"one true love" is just a futile effort and ponder that, while
their clique have always viewed themselves as proud to be single,
Gareth and Matthew were a "married" couple all the while. Charles
and his single friends wonder whether they will ever get married.
Charles arranges for a wedding, ostensibly to marry Irene, but
actually as a ploy to simultaneously reconcile Irene and Waldo
and win Margit's hand. Charles attends, depressed at the prospect
of Carrie marrying Hamish. Charles brings Zolotov and Bellows to
the restaurant, and demands that Lili leave town never to return
- he doesn't wish to be associated with the kind of woman she is.
Charles confesses that he is married, and Jean replies tenderly,
"So am I, darling". Charles confesses that, while standing at the
altar, he realised that for the first time in his life he totally
and utterly loved one person, "and it wasn't the person standing
next to me in the veil". Charles encounters Carrie again, but she
introduces him to her fiancé, Sir Hamish Banks, a wealthy
politician. Charles finds Lili and Robert talking, and promises
to settle Robert's loan debt if he takes Lili out of New Orleans.
Charles has a crisis of confidence, which he reveals to his deaf
brother David and Matthew. Charles has decided to marry
Henrietta. Charles hears of the stories and is upset, challenging
Zolotov to a duel. Charles hopes to start over with Helen, but
during a family dinner, she gives him her wedding ring and signed
divorce papers and tells him she will always be his friend.
Charles is appreciative and empathetic but does not requite her
love. Charles is cautioned against this infatuation by his buddy
Arthur. Charles is obsessively in love with Laura, a married
woman who once worked as a librarian for his employer. Charles is
so relieved at the news that he's only momentarily disappointed
when Simon tells him that the purchase price was, and will
remain, zero dollars. Charles later awkwardly tries confessing
his love to her and hinting that he would like to have a
relationship with her, to no avail. Charles makes a proposal of
lifelong commitment without marriage to Carrie, who accepts.
Charles meets Carrie and spends the night with her. Charles
realizes his mistakes and apologizes to Helen. Charles recovers,
returns home with Helen, and resumes his verbal abuse. Charles
retreats to an empty hotel suite, seeing Carrie and Hamish leave
in a taxicab, only to be trapped in a cupboard after the
newlyweds stumble into the room to have sex. Charles then runs
into Carrie, and they end up spending another night together.
Charles, an attorney, is distant, verbally abusive, and has been
having multiple affairs while Helen is unemployed, bored at home,
and desperately trying to make her marriage work. Charley
Partanna is a hit man for a New York crime organization headed by
the elderly Don Corrado Prizzi, whose business is generally
handled by his sons Dominic and Eduardo and by his longtime
right-hand man, Angelo, who is Charley's father. Charley Pearl is
the heir to a toothpaste empire's fortune. Charley accepts this
as fair. Charley accidentally runs into Vicki again and can't
help himself. Charley and Eadie leave the next day to be married,
after which Jim learns that it will be so expensive to fix the
wiring that he must sell the building. Charley apologizes and
still wants to marry a sobbing Adele. Charley assures them that
he truly loves Eadie and has now retired. Charley decides to
leave and send for Eadie later, but the police arrive before he
can escape. Charley discovers that the mysterious woman, Irene,
is a "contractor" who, like himself, performs assassinations for
the mob. Charley drives her back to California and offers to pay
her expenses, but Vicki walks out, wanting nothing more from him.
Charley is engaged to be married to the daughter of Lew Horner, a
foul-mouthed, hot-tempered Hollywood studio mogul. Charley is
unaware that Irene is suspected by the mob of having the rest of
the money Marksie took. Charley is willing to foot the bill for
Phil, Sammy, Tony and George but is eager to get back home to his
fiancee. Charley remarries Vicki and once again leaving his
fiancee in the lurch. Charley shows his friends a diamond
engagement ring that he has brought with him. Charley shows up
and they end up in bed, only to be caught in the act by her other
lover—Bugsy Siegel, the notorious gangster. Charley then makes
off with Vicki and marries her a third time, to the amazement of
his pals. Charley, who insists on paying for his crimes by
pleading guilty, arranges for Jim to get arrested for receiving
the $800 from him, as it was part of the money he took from mrs
Frazier. Charlie (McShane) is an English amorous tour guide who
takes groups of Americans on whirlwind 18-day sightseeing tours
of Europe. Charlie Cantilini (Jennifer Lopez) is a temp/dog
walker/yoga instructor and aspiring fashion designer from Venice
Beach, California, who meets doctor Kevin Fields (Michael
Vartan). Charlie Chaplin makes two brief appearances as an aged
ship's steward. Charlie Norton becomes a contestant when her
sister and brother-in-law submit an audition tape for her.
Charlie Sheen plays Ryan Turner, a hotshot broker living an
upscale life in New York City with his shallow girlfriend Cindy
Styne (Denise Richards). Charlie and Itchy meet Sasha and the
human boy, David (Adam Wylie), who ran away from home to become a
street performer, the former leading him to believe that he is
his guardian angel. Charlie and Kevin then get married and when
Charlie throws her wedding bouquet, Viola catches the flowers.
Charlie and Liz still continue dating, but Charlie made some good
money that he won on a poker game from a rich guy. Charlie and
Sam are so madly in love with one another, they plan to go to Las
Vegas the following morning and elope there, and invite Gray
along. Charlie appears to be married and dancing with his wife
and their toddler. Charlie asks Ava about the number of pills
Bradley had taken, and she admits that she had created the whole
incident in an attempt to bring her parents together. Charlie
blames Sophie for his grandmother's sadness. Charlie comes out to
find her, and she admits she loves him but tells him to go back
to Patricia. Charlie confesses to Scott how hard it is for him
that Scott is never around like other fathers, and reveals the
stress he is under to conceal the secret that his father is
Santa. Charlie decides to back down as she witnesses Gertrude and
Viola's relationship. Charlie demands that the Kid reimburse him,
which would leave too little for Moran. Charlie eventually
catches on to Viola's plan and fights back. Charlie exits to tell
Kevin that the wedding is off. Charlie gets jealous when she
ignores him at lunch and makes arrangements to meet Richard after
school to discuss time travel with him. Charlie gives the horn
back to Anabelle in exchange for his life and says goodbye to
Itchy, who decides to remain in Heaven. Charlie goes to find Ava
who is at her parent’s party. Charlie is surprised when Lauren
appears in the waiting room, responding to the text he sent her
(actually, Bo sent it to "help" him). Charlie later finds Celia's
address in the phone book and goes to her house, where he
encounters Vicky, whom he had met at the casino before. Charlie
redoes his marriage vows and Ava responds, "I do". Charlie
reveals that Patricia is his cousin and tells Sophie he loves
her. Charlie suggests going back to the party, but Ava suggests
they consummate their marriage instead. Charlie then explains to
Viola that she wants her to stay, too, on one condition: if Viola
accepts the boundaries Charlie needs, if she is present at any
family event, and if she treats her children with love. Charlie
then hands him a printout of Sarah's dating profile and tells
Jake he has a date with her the next day at a dog park. Charlie
then steals her handbag and pushes her into the lake (usually the
orchestra pit) before running off. Charlie unexpectedly arrives
at the reunion, causing an awkward scene with Peggy ignoring him.
Charlie yells at Ava for her manipulative behavior, and storms
out of the hospital. Charlie, Itchy, Sasha, and David fight Red
and recover the horn, which Charlie plays to free the angels and
send Red back to Hell. Charlie, played by Joe Moran, is a shy and
geeky college student who is studying film production at an
unnamed college. Charlie: "That's right Herb, but you're not".
Charlotte convinces Sam to wait until after their grown children
(Hank and Eleanor), grandchildren (Hank's kids Charlie, Bo and
Madison), Charlotte's father and sister (Bucky and Emma) and
Sam's aunt (Fishy) have enjoyed one last "perfect Christmas"
before announcing the planned divorce. Charlotte discovers
Minnie's audio diary, and confronts Minnie and Monroe. Charlotte
finds the story to be romantic, while Tiana proclaims she will
never kiss a frog. Charlotte grows suspicious of the relationship
between Minnie and Monroe, but he persuades her she is imagining
things. Charlotte hires Tiana to make beignets for the ball,
giving her enough money to buy an old sugar mill to convert into
her restaurant. Charlotte loses her job as a librarian. Charlotte
tries to call Harry every few minutes; Miranda revels in the
luxury surrounding her, while Carrie befriends her manservant,
Gaurau, who is an underpaid temporary worker from India.
Charlotte's two children are a handful (mostly her two-year-old
daughter Rose's extreme and constant crying) and she's worried
that Harry is attracted to their buxom Irish nanny, Erin. Charly,
who has never had a girlfriend, is thought to be gay by his
parents and Martin, who is gay, is also staying with them.
Charmaine has sex with another man and gets pregnant. Chase
allows Nicole to do a makeover of himself to make himself more
handsome and presentable to the other social circles at the
school. Chase can usually be found in a dark coffee room with his
friends. Chased by the police, they complete Bill's rounds and
return to the dairy with seconds to spare to win the bet. Chased
out of the convent, Lorenzo follows Pampinea to her father's
mansion. Chaz ignores her pleas for help, and dazed by seeing her
eaten alive, allows himself to be bitten. Chelsea also continues
coming on to Logan, coming to his apartment being fearful of
someone following her. Chelsea goes to Taft's apartment with a
gun, with the intent to threaten him and obtain information.
Chelsea is accused of stealing a painting from millionaire mr
Forrester (John McMartin). Cheryl informs Justine two "beefy
guys" with baseball bats and face masks jumped him last night and
pummeled him. Cheryl is unimpressed as Jed cannot declare his
love without adding a qualification, and as they begin to drift
apart, she rediscovers the pleasures of being more independent.
Chester confides in Sal about the map, even telling her how Duke
hid his half in his hat. Chester looks into the camera and says,
"We adopted him". Chester refuses on the grounds that every time
Duke gets a "great idea", Chester is the one that gets the
runaround. Chester then takes all the money and tells Duke to go
on without him. Chester waves goodbye until he sees Duke counting
the money and changes boats at the last moment. Chevalier plays a
Parisian playboy who finds himself obliged to care for an
abandoned baby. Chicago Tribune newspaper reporter Lexie
Littleton becomes the object of the affections of both Dodge and
Carter. Chicago architect Sam Baldwin loses his wife Maggie to
cancer. Chicago socialite Cynthia Drexel arranges for New York
City opera star Anthony Allen to sing at a private party for a
$15,000 fee but, tired of his arduous performance schedule and
the silly promotional stunts devised by his agent Petroff, he
flees to his hometown in New Mexico, then his secluded cabin in
the Sierra Madres. Chick becomes angry and threatens to kill her
if she double-crosses or two-times him before he gets out. Chick
escapes from jail, and police search for him in the bar. Chick
goes on a punching spree and chases after Teddy out of the
restaurant. Chick rushes in to save Teddy but becomes embarrassed
when he sees the innocent board game. Chick shoots Dan dead and
the gunfire draws a police raid. Chick, still lurking in Lou's
room, is about to kill Lou for double-crossing him, when Cummings
also apprehends him. Child psychologist Samuel Faulkner has an
ideal romance with ballet teacher Rebecca Taylor. Chip and his
girlfriend Roxie are visited by two gangsters named Big Rocko and
Little Rocko to collect a lot of money owed by Chip, who claims
his upcoming marriage to Wilma will get him access to the
Slaghoople fortune, and the gangsters consider that plan
creditable, so they agree to suspend collections until after the
wedding. Chip congratulates Fred on attracting Wilma and
apologizes for his humiliation of Fred's job. Chip keeps Fred
gambling to miss his dinner date with the others. Chip warns her
of burglaries and arranges that Fred loses everything before
slipping Wilma's pearls in Fred's pocket and asking him to empty
them. Chip's wife decides to divorce him and throw him out of
their lives forever, leaving Chip to swear his own revenge
against the nerds (while Gaylord declares to cheers that her next
husband will be a nerd). Chips and Kurt flirt with Brandy, but as
things turn out, it is Pockets Brandy falls for. Chita Chula
(portrayed by Carmen Miranda) is skeptical she can pull it off,
but Mike assures her she'll "probably wound up being another
Carmen Miranda. Chloe and Guy seem to hit it off, happily
competing against Nat and Josh. Chloe and Josh depart together,
while Nat and Guy go the other direction. Chloe and Josh then go
Christmas-shopping. Chloe declines, saying she's going out with
her work-colleague Charlie, whom she's been dating. Chloe tries
on a lingerie set, and asks Josh what he thinks of it. Chloe,
piecing together the facts, asks if he is in love with Kim, which
he admits to. Choice location. Chosen to direct one of his
college's graduation films, he needs a crew. Chris Fields trains
Johnny how to do the job,until Keith threatens Chris in the men's
restroom making him feel scared. Chris again fails to call a
burnt stone, demoralising himself, the rest of his rink, and his
father. Chris and Jamie get into another fight, with him blaming
her for keeping him in the "friend zone" and saying that she
"peaked in high school" and will never amount to anything. Chris
and Marisa are reunited and the film ends with images of
publications showing that Chris has been elected, he and Marisa
are still together after one year, Marisa has started her own
hospitality business, and Marisa’s maid friends have been
promoted to management. Chris and his rink have not only won the
Golden Broom bonspiel, but have also fulfilled Coach Finley's
final wish. Chris and his rink stage a comeback, and are now
within victory. Chris asks the hotel’s head butler Lionel Bloch
to invite “Caroline Lane” to lunch, but he is confused when the
real Caroline shows up instead of Marisa. Chris charms his way
into Lynn's life and moves in with her. Chris consequently gets
drunk and goes to the bar where Jamie works, finding her there
with Dusty. Chris convinces him to stay by explaining to him that
Lazlo was the top genius at Pacific Tech in the 1970s, but
suffered a breakdown when he learned that his theories were being
used to build weapons. Chris declares his genuinely intense
romantic love for Jamie at her house and the two share a kiss
outside, in view of the neighborhood kids. Chris experiences some
large bumps on his way to New York, as his boss Arnold (Edward
Fielding) sees the pictures of Joe and Mary in the papers, and
believes Chris is an adulterer. Chris finds out where they are
and sneaks into the house. Chris goes drinking at a bar, where
Amy meets him and informs him she Julie have come to an
understanding; Julie accepts that Chris and Amy love one another,
and once Chris accepts it they can be together. Chris goes to his
mother's grave where he encounters his father; the two reconcile,
and Gordon tells Chris to go be with Amy. Chris has more
encouragement after a talk at dinner at a Howard Johnson's with
his father where he tells Chris that life is like an ice cream
parlor, and that of all of life's most exotic flavors to choose
from, there's always vanilla to fall back on. Chris is
devastated. Chris is giving a press conference in the same hotel
and Ty attends it and asks Chris whether people should be
forgiven if they make mistakes, referencing former President of
the United States, Richard Nixon. Chris knocks out Joe and takes
Mary away in his car. Chris lands a job at a small advertising
firm but when he's given an account to advertise enlistments for
theS. Chris meets Marisa who is wearing the designer coat, and is
instantly smitten with her. Chris plans to impress and seduce
Jamie. Chris reconciles with his estranged father Gordon Cutter,
so he will coach the team. Chris returns home in embarrassment,
and Jamie follows him; she tells him she is not mad and they end
up spending the night together catching up and looking at photos,
but due to Chris's continuing lack of assertion, the two end up
falling asleep and no romance ensues. Chris returns to Long Bay,
where he convinces the former members of his team, Neil Bucyk,
James Lennox, and Eddie Strombeck, to enter the competition for
the Golden Broom. Chris returns to his home city of Pittsburgh
and visits his father who owns and operates a baby food factory.
Chris takes Samantha to his mother's house to spend the night and
re-engages with his teenage past, including his unresolved
feelings for Jamie. Chris tells Mitch that if he does not want to
"crack" like Hollyfeld, he must learn to have fun, and the first
order of business is to get even with Kent, calling it a "moral
imperative" to do so. Chris throws the rock directly at the
centre of the house, smashing it and the rock it collided with.
Chris tries to warn Jamie, but instead ends up attacking Dusty in
front of her; Jamie refuses to listen when Chris tries to
explain. Chris, Mitch, Ick and Jordan trick Kent into revealing
the date when the laser is going to be tested by placing a
microphone in his braces and convincing him that God is talking
to him. Christabel "Christy" Sloane (Parker) is a legal secretary
in San Francisco whose desire for finer things is hampered by her
desperate financial straits, causing her to lament to her
coworker Patsy (Una Merkel) that she needs to find a millionaire
to marry. Christel stays behind, miserable, but finds solace with
Pepi. Christel tells her friends about the romance, which is
naturally not believed. Christian "Bigfoot" Bjornsen, who informs
Doc that Glen Charlock has been shot dead and that Mickey has
vanished. Christian denounces Satine and walks off the stage.
Christian goes back to Satine to convince her that they should be
together, she eventually falls for him ("Elephant Love Medley").
Christian returns to the stage, joining her in the song and
reaffirming his love for her. Christian tries following her, but
is denied entry to the Moulin Rouge, and becomes depressed, even
though Toulouse insists that Satine does love him. Christie also
returns and she and Francis jointly run the vineyard while trying
to reconcile their vastly different philosophies of wine
production. Christina, determined not to fear the commitment,
kisses Peter and then walks away disappointed. Christine Riverton
Duncan (Esther Williams) attempts to play matchmaker for her
lovelorn friend Ellen (Paula Raymond) by pursuing Douglas
Morrissen, Jr. Christine's marriage is falling apart because she
and her husband can't communicate effectively. Christine, who had
initially struggled with the material and procedures, has
inexplicably been assigned the high-priority New York City route,
much to the dismay of Donna. Christmas Eve finds Andy wholly
dejected at the prospect of not having a date for the dance—but
when Betsy comes over in her evening gown he decides to take her
to the dance. Christmas proves to be a day of accusations,
recriminations, self-discoveries, and attempts to mend fences.
Christmas". Christopher Pride wants to marry his girlfriend, dr
Elizabeth Acord. Christopher rivals his brother Tricky for the
affection of Mary. Christopher,ka. Christy "awakens" and acts
seductively, but Peter, in reality a notorious ladies' man,
believes she is mentally unstable and is unmoved. Christy arrives
on Peter's wedding day as he is scurrying to get dressed for the
ceremony and finish packing for a honeymoon cruise to Honolulu
with his bride, heiress June Chandler. Christy follows Peter and
Doc to the Chandler mansion where the wedding is being held.
Christy inspired Burns to rework the manuscript for this movie,
which he hadn't worked on in many months. Christy is not inclined
to a gold digger, but Patsy's words ring in her ears as she makes
the journey. Christy's erratic behavior and insistence that Peter
has inherited a fortune in pesos convince everyone that she is
unbalanced. Chronic hay fever prompts him to see a doctor, where
he meets and falls quickly in love with Kate (played by Emma
Thompson), who works there as a nurse. Chuck and  'Fearless'
start to sing and burst into tears, until Donna sings to them and
then they both turn on her. Chuck and 'Fearless' continue to
fight over Donna, with Chuck drugging 'Fearless' and 'Fearless'
ripping up Chuck's shirt. Chuck and 'Fearless' finally learn
they've been had from the beginning and everything had been a
set-up. Chuck and 'Fearless' manage to escape and jump onto a
boat. Chuck and 'Fearless' thinks its great until the natives
decide to test them by throwing 'Fearless' in a cage with a giant
gorilla. Chuck asks Stu to ask the woman out to see if this
results in marriage, and when it does not, Chuck concludes that
the curse is fake, and has sex with Cam. Chuck believes Cam wants
to go out with Howard Blaine (Steve Bacic), who authored a book
about penguins. Chuck calls Stu, who confesses that he only
pretended to ask the woman. Chuck finds himself unable to tell
his girlfriend, Carol (Chelan Simmons), that he loves her, and
she breaks up with him while having sex on the beach. Chuck gets
mad because of Stu's treason but Stu doesn't care about the
complaints. Chuck hands Cam a ring box containing a pebble, a
reference to the penguin mating ritual in which a male penguin
finds a stone and brings it to the female penguin he wants to be
with (therefore, proposing to her). Chuck refuses to believe
'Fearless, who is practically skipping, but then Julia comes in
and tell them both about the rich boyfriend. Chucky and Tiffany
reveal their plan, and direct Jesse to steal a mobile home to use
as a new vehicle to evade the police. Chucky and Tiffany set up a
car airbag to launch nails into his face, then hide the body.
Chucky forces Jade at gunpoint to take him to his grave site,
while Jesse takes Tiffany and follows them. Chucky orders Jade to
open the casket and take the amulet, which she does. Chucky
shoots at Jesse, causing the mobile home to run off the road and
into a ditch. Cici (Sofía Vergara), a cocktail waitress from
Miami who enjoys being the center of attention; Patricia Sofia
Ordonez Coronado del Pescador (Jaci Velasquez), a debutante of
New York's high society who is tired of her mother's (María
Conchita Alonso) endless attempts to marry her off; and Lorena
Morales (Roselyn Sánchez), a lawyer from Chicago who loves how
Tomas makes her feel sexy; have fallen for him and given him the
affectionate nickname "Papi". Cici is an entertainer on a cruise
liner with her business partner Fala. Cici passes herself and
Patricia off as her staff. Cici trips her, allowing all three to
escape. Cinderella arrives and proves her identity by fitting
into the slipper or other item (in some cases she has kept the
other). Cinderella, or Cindy which she is sometimes called,
hardly does anything other than household work under the
authority of her bossy old stepmother. Cinderelma then gets a job
as a seamstress, later opens her own dress shop, and marries a
young printer who owns the shop next door to hers. Cindy arrives
with Vince and tries to persuade the remaining members of the
band to let her be their manager. Cindy expresses interest but
laments she has nothing to wear. Cindy leaves in her car,
attempting to reach home. Cindy tells Heather that she can kiss
her if she wants to, but not to expect anything back from her.
Cindy was working at a small newspaper as an advice columnist.
Cindy's date turns out to the prince who is dressed like a 16th
Century Spaniard. Citing the fact that Drew has never even
introduced her to his family, she concludes that he will never
get serious about their relationship and dumps him. Citizens
demand Pacheco pay the sum, but Larry points out that Diane's
fiance is the only person in the country with access to that much
money. Citygoers are intrigued by the mysterious signs. Claiming
to have no interest in a relationship, the two hook up that
night. Claiming to still love Goring from their early days of
courtship, she offers to exchange Sir Robert's letter for her old
beau's hand in marriage. Clair is delighted, Ned devastated.
Clair knows nothing of the bet, so she is pleased when her
husband fixes up Taylor with her friend Veronica Briskow, a
concert pianist. Claire (Ribisi) resents the fact that she has
never been in love. Claire accepts his proposl, and sends a
message via her maid to Robert, cancelling the dinner without
telling him the real reason. Claire and Sophie take an instant
liking to each other, but Charlie and Sophie do not get along.
Claire and the maid make a plan to let a man harass Claire in the
park, so that Charles can come to her "rescue". Claire calls
Cécile Coste to report that Alain has left. Claire comes to visit
Frank, but he is too busy to talk to her. Claire finally admits
she isn't sure how she feels about Sack and ends up kissing John
passionately. Claire remembers a former client, Holbrooke Grant
(Mark Wahlberg), is a security expert and James Bond-like action
hero. Claire rushes to IBC, given a lift by the Past Ghost.
Claire, witnessing the dispute, tells Charlie he was wrong and
that Sophie's mother had walked away from her when she was a
little girl. Clara also reiterated that he keep silent while she
spoke. Clara approaches Akpors in the cell and tries to clarify
the situation, discussing with the legal officials as a
representative lawyer. Clara becomes furious that Akpors might
have taken advantage of her influential position and after
reminiscing about the recent past, she ejects Akpors immediately
from her house and threatens to call the police if he refuses to
leave. Clara picks up Crystal's undergarments scattered around
the room, noting that her chemise is torn. Clara, impressed by
Akpors' sense of humour decides to see him perform at the
restaurant. Clarence tells him all the soldiers on the transport
died, as Harry was never there to save them, because George had
never saved Harry from drowning. Clarice comes back in the early
morning in a state of drunkenness. Clarice has forgotten that she
is already married to gigolo Michael Andrews. Clarice sues
Cormack and asks for a divorce thus leaving Cormack and Paula to
be together. Clarisse invites Lord Devereaux to stay at the
palace, while Mia is shocked to discover Lord Devereaux is
Nicholas. Clashes abound when Mike runs into a rival lifeguard,
who is the champion diver of Mexico. Classon, it turns out, is
also searching for Alice; she can provide an alibi for his
client, convicted of a murder in Chicago. Claude is bringing his
parents to dinner that night to meet her. Claude then offers his
brother £1000 to leave England forever; Raymond insists on being
paid an additional £200 for immediate expenses. Claude-Henri
maintains a blasé attitude about his infidelity and insists on a
divorce. Claude-Henri's cruelty and insensitivity take their toll
on Roxy, and she attempts suicide in late pregnancy. Claudine
also says in French that she thinks Greg is having an affair with
his associate Amanda. Claudine and Geneva tell the truth which
hurts Sabrina and causes her to drive off and cancel the wedding.
Clause". Clayton's sister invites Peggy to come to the city,
where she attends school, and becomes a "modern woman". Clearly
growing involved, Edward takes Vivian in his private jet to see
La Traviata in San Francisco. Clearly upset, but accepting of her
decision Harvey lies and tells Susan that he will be attending
the ceremony but not the reception because he has to urgently
return to the States. Clem and Justin help Georgina form a plan
to sleep with a random stranger. Clem gets it and turns out that
it's Zach, who is outraged to find Ben and Georgina holding
hands. Clem intends Justin, her so-called pet, to impregnate
Georgina. Clem, hearing this, asks him to repeat that and after
establishing that he likes Clem and not Georgina, he gets off
Zach and goes to Clem. Clement takes the part in order to see
more of Amanda and plays along with the mistaken identity, going
by the name Alexander Dumas. Cleves' new secretary knows of an
"executive suite" the boss maintains in town, so Cass is sent
there for the night. Client Terry Philpott (Terry Scott) suffers
several failures in his dealings with the agency including a
disastrous meeting with prim, sheltered Jenny Grubb (Imogen
Hassall). Cliff hires Toninho and the musicians for the show over
Isabella's objections. Cliff, a neighbor and local television
producer, smells her cooking, follows her to class and signs her
to host a live cooking show, Passion Food. Clued in by oversized
Oxford footprints in the snow, the Kid and his friends pay
Charlie a visit. Coach Dinklage eventually notices "Sebastian's"
effort and improvement, thus promoting him to first string. Cobb
is outfoxed, however, by star reporter Louise "Babe" Bennett
(Jean Arthur), who appeals to Deeds' romantic fantasy of rescuing
a damsel in distress by masquerading as a poor worker named Mary
Dawson. Cocktails at the Drayton home is musical chairs of
different sets of parental characters who share their views about
the situation; it shows that the mothers have more faith in their
children than the fathers. Cocky college football star Francis
Finnegan has his eye on the attractive Gloria van Dayham, as does
his rival, Larry Stacey. Cody Banks (Frankie Muniz), a 15-year-
old high school junior, applies for a junior field ops position
at the Central Intelligence Agency's SAD (Special Activities
Division) after completing a training summer camp. Cody and
Natalie are now a couple and the film ends with them sharing
their first kiss. Cody attempts to explain things to Natalie but
François and a group of men come over to their table and fight
with Cody, knocking him unconscious and taking Natalie. Cody
finds that dr Brinkman is planning to use nanobots — which can
destroy any carbon or silicon-based substance — to destroy the
world's defense systems so he can threaten anyone who opposes
him. Cody gets a ride to the top of the mountain and snowboards
to the factory where Natalie is held. Cody gets his brother Alex
to make sure his parents do not find out that he is gone by
giving him the $5,000 the CIA gave him. Cody is removed from the
mission, and his parents ground him for staying out past his
curfew. Cody later defeats François and sends him to the CIA
using the SoloTrek XFV, before fleeing the facility with Ronica,
Natalie and dr Connors before it explodes. Cody sets off a series
of explosive charges he and Ronica planted throughout the base,
and in the ensuing battle, Ronica fights off several of dr
Brinkman's men and Natalie kills dr Brinkman by placing the ice
cube with the nanobots into his mouth, causing it to melt, and
the nanobots to devour him from the inside out. Cody soon finds
he has no social skill with girls and has no time to do this
while balancing his chores and homework. Cody's parents pick him
up, none the wiser about his dangerous exploits. Coffee-house
guitarist Troy Dyer and budding filmmaker Lelaina Pierce are
attracted to each other, although they have not acted on their
feelings except for one brief, drunken encounter. Coincidentally,
Curtis is drafted into the Army and posted to the same base under
the command of The Top Sergeant (Donald McBride), where he
quickly befriends fellow draftees Swiv (Cliff Nazarro) and Blain
(Guinn 'Big Boy' Williams). Coincidentally, Lyda leaves for
Switzerland just hours after Prudence arrives at the villa
(boarding house) in Rome where she and Porter reside.
Coincidentally, Tintin was there to work on an out of town job as
a make up artist with her co make-up artists Esang (Cacai
Bautista), ms Andrè (Ricci Chan) and some friends. Col. Cole
agrees because, as it turns out, if he holds the office, his
Mooseport house can serve as his office and, therefore, can no
longer be divided up or sold off in his divorce settlement.
Cole's team, led by long-time executive secretary and love
interest Grace Sutherland and presidential aide Will Bullard,
bring in strong support in the form of campaign strategist Bert
Langdon, who becomes Cole's campaign manager as he complains of a
dull existence since Cole retired from the presidency. Colin
decides he can't date a woman who is about to marry herself and
the pair splits up. Colin returns with Harriet and her sister
Carla (Denise Richards) who greets Tony with a hug and a kiss.
Colin wants her to put a stop to the wedding and save it for
their wedding someday in the future. Colin's grandmother then
tells Colin, in Scots, to "deck" Tom, which he does without
hesitation. College sophomore Al Connelly (Freddie Prinze, Jr)
meets the girl of his dreams, freshman Imogen (Julia Stiles), and
true love abounds. College studentS. College-bound Gidget (Cindy
Carol) is vacationing in Rome for the summer with faithful
boyfriend Jeff, aka Moondoggie (James Darren) and their friends.
Collins and Armstrong arrive, but Phil and Claire escape in
Grant's Audi R8. Collins and Armstrong come in and hold them at
gunpoint and take them up to the roof with Crenshaw. Colonel
FitzWilliam tells Elizabeth how Mr Darcy managed to save a friend
from a bad match by convincing the friend of the lady's
indifference. Colonel Plummer attempts to reconcile Phoebe and
John. Colonel Rufus Plummer (Millard Mitchell) advises John he is
aware of his relationship with Erika and orders him to continue
seeing her in the hope she will lead them to another of her ex-
lovers, ex-Gestapo agent Hans Otto Birgel (Peter von Zerneck),
believed to be hiding in the American occupation zone. Colossal's
star actress, Thelma Cheri (Marla Shelton), eccentric foreign
director Koslofski (Alan Mowbray), and press agent Tom Potts
(Jack Carson) are conspiring with Nassau to sabotage the studio.
Combined with Megan's interest in vegetarianism and Melissa
Etheridge, her family and friends suspect that Megan is in fact a
lesbian. Come Didi, Dede and Sister Maria followed by bandits
performing many fights. Come to Earth sometime". Comic
complications ensue when Basil postpones their latest marriage
plans in order to attempt to diminish the ardor of star-struck
heiress Marcia West at the request of her fiancé Henry Grant.
Comic misunderstandings ensue all round until Joan finally
demands the right to marry the man of her choice. Comic tensions
arise from Luke's efforts to keep Michelle at a distance, Max's
defensiveness about his sister, Luca's half-hearted resistance to
Max's affections, and Luke's confused aggression toward Max.
Coming back from New York, Laida is now stronger than she was
before and seems to have moved on from Miggy. Coming home from a
disastrous date, she happens to see a segment of a local
television show, The Ugly Truth, featuring Mike Chadway (Gerard
Butler), whose cynicism about relationships prompts Abby to call
in to argue with him on-air. Commander Key Weedon (Gig Young), a
pilot with theS. Compared to Marcus and Sophie, Jed and Cheryl's
relationship is tired and dysfunctional which Jed tries to put
right by suggesting marriage. Competing in the same heat is Keala
Kennelly, one of the first professional female surfers, playing
herself. Completely oblivious to his best friend Boof's
affections, he constantly rebuffs her advances due to their
history together. Complicating matters even further is Mike's
continuing series of exposés of the activities of crooked boxing
promoter Martin Daylor (Edward Platt). Complications arise since
Susan has fallen in love with David and tries to keep him at her
house as long as possible to prevent his marriage. Complications
arise when Connie and Bill actually fall in love. Complications
arise when Fred shows up to claim his "fiancée". Complications
arise when Tony actually does arrive on the scene and finds
Terry, wearing Consuelo's satin pajamas, in bed. Complications
arise when the bodies disappear from the morgue. Complications
arise, resulting in Frank trying to bribe the guru and even
disguising himself as one of the Baba Zeba's robed followers.
Complications ensue and a fake Mexico divorce must be arranged as
well. Complications ensue when Jim arrives home and Carey tries
to get rid of him while Linda, unaware of the reality of the
situation, intervenes and makes him stay. Complications ensue
when Otley takes an interest in the couple and insists that Don
make Jean the beneficiary of his insurance policy and allot her
part of his pay. Complications follow when Mary mistakes the
rehearsal for the wedding ceremony. Complications set in when
Gidget begins to fall for the much older Paolo. Complications
then arise. Composer Peter Bretter (Jason Segel) is in a five-
year relationship with actress Sarah Marshall (Kristen Bell), who
stars in a -like television show titled Crime Scene: Scene of the
Crime. Composer Roger Bond (Gene Raymond) and his orchestra are
appearing in Miami, with vocalist Honey Hales (Rogers).
Compulsive gambler Charlie Gordon, cons his close friend and
brother-in-law, widower Herb Sullivan, whose recently deceased
wife, Susie Gordon-Sullivan, was Charlie's sister, into an all
expenses-paid luxury Holland America Mexican cruise. Concerned
about the approaching Parents Day, Dean Clinton, meanwhile,
commands Steve's professors, who have penalized him with only
fifty-five demerits, to bear down on him. Concerned about their
relationship, Annette uses her influence to get Jonathan's work
turned into a musical comedy. Concerned, Kabir hurries to the
reception where Epifania is to bid farewell to her previous
existence. Concert pianist Eric Phillips (David Niven) has been
on the road touring for twenty-one years when he finally returns
home. Concluding that Lucy remembers him, he returns home.
Confirmed bachelor Jud Parker (Larry Parks) likes his life the
way it is. Confronted by them, Deion declares defeat and runs
off, effectively ending the marriage. Confronting Jeremy about
abandoning him, he learns that Jeremy has secretly continued his
relationship with Gloria. Confronting him in the grocery store
below Daniel’s Chinatown office, Audrey asks Daniel if he is
willing to fight to save their relationship. Confused and angry,
Jjaks throws the manager outside and threatens to kill him.
Confused and distraught, Rosemary calls Hal a "psycho" over the
phone and effectively breaks up with him. Confused and relieved
Raymond leaves the bank and intends to return to Rio. Confused at
first, Larry sees Mike back behind the bar and realizes he's back
in his old life. Confused over who she prefers, she retracts her
acceptance of both proposals and becomes engaged to a bank
teller. Confused, he goes to their house and sees Beth through a
window. Confused, he questions Maude as to her meaning and she
reveals that she has taken an overdose of sleeping pills and will
be dead by morning. Confused, she visits her grandparents for her
birthday. Confusion abounds when Nancy later visits Paul at his
office and tries to accept the marriage proposal she thought he
had made. Connie (Nia Vardalos) and Carla (Toni Collette) are two
performers whose lifelong friendship and co-obsession with
musical theater have brought nothing but career dead ends. Connie
accepts a lucrative settlement and leaves for Europe, thus
leaving Dill free to marry Mary. Connie allows Joe to remain in
the apartment as he has only a few days before being shipped out
to Africa. Connie and Carl drive to Steve's hotel to give him the
money. Connie and Jim argue about the building and Bobbie, of
whom Connie is still jealous, and Jim storms out of their
apartment to sleep in a hammock in the back yard. Connie bonds
with Grace. Connie confesses the whole story to Grace, who says
she'll get over it, adding that she'd like more grandchildren.
Connie decides to run away anyway. Connie explains about Steve
and the bum, to the discomfort of Carl and the amusement of the
lieutenant, and Steve is released, because her story corroborates
in every detail the story Steve had already told the lieutenant.
Connie grows angry when Pendergast thinks only of himself. Connie
leaves Nick, and his performance at work suffers; the once cocky,
boastful controller is sent home after being responsible for two
deals (near mid-air collisions) in one shift. Connie pursues an
affair with David Jardine (Raymond Hackett), son of the
department store owner. Connie returns home to find Grace has had
a heart attack because of her absence. Connie reveals herself to
Jeff, who arrives after the chaos. Connie then reveals she is
marrying Carl on New Year's Day; Steve lets her know he thinks
her decision is a mistake. Connie then sees Steve, but when he
insists that she stop grieving for her dead husband, she leaves.
Connie there meets Bill (also played by Fraser), Hugh's identical
twin brother. Connie's anger is deflected by a newspaper story
concerning mrs Frazier, a woman she and Jim saw in a nightclub
with Charley, who has been cheated by an "elderly Casanova" named
Charley Price. Connie's mother married for love, not security,
and Connie is determined not to repeat her mistake. Connie's
protests make Grace want to include them even more. Connie,
realizing her old companion met someone, takes Rover back to the
farm to stay. Connor Mead (Matthew McConaughey) is a famous
photographer and confirmed womanizer. Connor also sees that Jenny
is being comforted by Brad (Daniel Sunjata), and is upset that
his own actions and attitude are bringing the two closer. Connor
attempts to mend the situation but only makes things worse, and
Paul tells him to leave. Connor awakens in the Mead home and
learns that Sandra has called off the wedding and is on her way
to the airport. Connor helps Jenny to restart the wedding, which
he photographs, and afterwards he reconciles with Jenny by
showing her the picture he still carries of her as a child and by
promising to always be there when she wakes up. Connors is
employed by a SPECTRE type organization named ERIS led by dr
Brinkman, and his henchman François Molay. Conrad apologizes to
Audrey for her bad day, and informs her that he could see himself
going to Middleton; Audrey tells him she no longer wants to go
there. Conrad realizes his interest is in radio. Conrad says he's
keeping his options open. Conrado teaches Tati the correct
behavior of a woman and how to seduce her mate. Consequent to
their mutual discoveries, Maurey becomes pregnant. Consequently,
he must write everything down; who he knows, where he should be,
even where he works. Consequently, her boyfriend Copee (Louis
Gossett, Jr), a black activist with an identity crisis, is
enraged when he finds out about the pregnancy, and tries to kill
Elgar with an axe. Consequently, troubadour is ushered to tell
the audience the story at the very last minute. Considering it as
"simple donation" in which each person would later follow their
own lives. Constance tries to send her husband to London but the
man is manipulated by Richelieu and does not go, so d'Artagnan
and his friends intercede. Consuelo insists she no longer has any
interest in Tony and offers to cancel the rest of Terry's debt so
he can join Chappie. Contemplating suicide, Epifania
melodramatically plunges into the Thames, and when dr Ahmed el
Kabir, a self-effacing, selfless Indian physician who runs an
inadequately equipped clinic for the poor, ignores her plight and
paddles past in his rowboat, she swims to shore and accuses him
of being an assassin. Continuing pre ballet he decides to invest
the money (Imagine Reprise 2). Continuing to fall to Earth, he
sees that the horn ended up somewhere in San Francisco. Contrary
to the stereotype of his social standing, Ah Loong is an
incurable romantic with an unlikely hobby: He loves to read and
write poetry. Conversation between Tom and Julie is stilted and
awkward, while Scott slips up and reveals that Tom still lives
with his mother. Convinced it was marriage that disrupted their
relationship, Helen suggests they live apart but remain lovers.
Convinced not to kill himself, Willoughby leaves, carrying a
fainted Mitchell in his arms, and Connell turns to Norton and
says, "There you are, Norton. Convinced of her worth by the
quality of her cooking and her insistence on finishing her chores
before she would leave with him, he proposes and she accepts
despite knowing each other for only a few hours. Convinced that
Don wants to be with Lyda, Prudence plans to return to the
States, with a chaotic good-bye in the train station from all the
friends she has made in Rome. Convinced that Lady Rockburn can
only be Leslie, Logan tries to back out from the case, until Lord
Rockburn produces his chief witness the maid, who shows no sign
of recognising Logan after their brief encounter in the hotel
corridor. Convinced that he truly loves Jill, Lucy admits that
Jill is catching a Greyhound bus cross-country to Hollywood.
Convinced that they came through, Showboat pays what he owed them
just as Sex as a Weapon arrives. Convinced the zombies may be
treatable, Deb traps Ruby in the car's trunk. Convinced, Patrizio
makes a parlay with his gambling friend: if the Eagles win their
next game and Tiffany and Pat score 5 out of 10 in their dance
competition, he will win back double the money he lost on the
first bet. Convinced, he gives Toto permission to marry Diane.
Cookie is horrified that she has been trying to reunite them, and
Lauren admits that she was ashamed to tell her mother-with-a-
perfect-marriage about her own failure. Cookie says that she
always has been and always will be proud of Lauren. Cookie tells
Lauren that the magazine article praises Junior Wedding Planners
like Lauren - G is not even mentioned. Coop (Michael Showalter)
has a crush on Katie (Marguerite Moreau), his fellow counselor,
but has to pry her away from her rebellious, obnoxious, and
obviously unfaithful boyfriend, Andy (Paul Rudd). Cooper
discovers him, and Drake manages to find the necklace even though
Cooper tries to disguise him. Coping with his loneliness, Barry
calls a phone-sex line, but the operator attempts to extort money
and sends her four henchmen, who are brothers, to collect. Corey
meets up with a dejectedJ on the roof and confesses that she does
love him. Corey, however, refuses to go down without a fight, and
the ensuing mayhem that follows pits brother against brother and
forces the Colorado wild boys to finally grow up and decide what
kind of men they really want to be. Corie and Paul Bratter are a
newlywed couple. Corkle explains about Joe, mr Jordan and the
body-switching, but of course the police detective (Donald
MacBride) thinks he is a nut. Corkle has hired a private
investigator to find him. Corkle races down to the dressing room.
Corkle tells the detective, who promptly has mrs Farnsworth and
the secretary arrested. Cormack gets into a brawl with Michael
over Paula, posing as Clarice. Cormack's solicitor visits Paula
as Clarice is asleep and unseen. Corrie wants Paul to become more
easy-going: for example, to run "barefoot in the park". Cosmo and
his father emerge from upstairs, and the older man cajoles Cosmo
into agreeing to pay for Loretta's wedding. Cosmo dislikes Johnny
and is reluctant to commit to paying for the "real" wedding
Loretta insists on, while Rose is pleased that Loretta likes
Johnny but does not love him; she believes that one can easily be
driven crazy by a partner whom one loves. Cosmo, inspired by a
scene in The Duelling Cavalier where Lina's voice was out of
sync, suggests that they dub Lina's voice with Kathy'sF.
Costikyan enters the hotel room and suffocates Sam by holding his
hand against his mouth. Counselors have one last chance to have a
romantic encounter with another person at Camp Firewood. Count
Basie's orchestra is playing at the ball when Fella makes his
grand entrance. Count Dzerzhinsky is Pampinea's fiance who she
has never met. Count Sandor is pleased with this peculiar
arrangement, as he has found Johann to be the perfect butler and
does not wish to break in a new man. Courtney arranges for her
and Christina to travel to Somerset where Peter's brother's
wedding is to take place and they meet Jane's boyfriend as a
recurring gag they indicate he is well endowed causing misery and
enjoyment from Jane. Courtney ignores Taylor in every possible
way. Courtney rejects Royce, who tauntingly tells Nikko that Ta-
Da will beat Spectacular. Courtney's mother tells Nikko that he
can bring some good and change to the "Spectacular. Courtney,
instead of being impressed, is upset, accusing Nikko to have
betrayed her by practicing another routine behind her back, and
then leaves. Craig Blake (Jeff Bridges) is a young Southern man
born of a wealthy family, but left lonely and idle after his
parents died in a plane crash. Craig answers the door, reads the
note, sees her at the bottom of the steps and closes the door on
her. Craig asks Megan to go out drinking and they later have sex.
Craig has finally "found himself" and discovered a true place in
the sun, and true friendships, and he mocks his former boss Jabo
with an exaggerated bodybuilding pose - acting as a final burning
of the bridge between his old life and his new one. Craig
reluctantly allows her to stay and gradually begins to trust her.
Craig, with Mary Tate as his guest (dressed inappropriately in a
garish and revealing pink dress), is enthusiastic about Joe
Santo's upcoming musical performance for the night. Crash also
talks about the pleasure of life in "The Show" (Major League
Baseball), which he briefly lived for "the 21 greatest days of my
life" and to which he has tried for years to return. Crash forces
Nuke to learn "not to think" by letting the catcher make the
pitching calls (memorably at two points telling the batters what
pitch is coming after Nuke rejects his calls), and lectures him
about the pressure of facing major league hitters who can hit his
"heat" (fastballs). Crash immediately begins calling Ebby by the
degrading nickname of "Meat", and they get off to a rocky start.
Crash joins another team, the Asheville Tourists, and breaks the
minor-league record for career home runs. Crash tells her that he
is thinking about becoming a manager for a minor-league team in
Visalia. Crash then leaves Annie's house to seek a further minor-
league position. Crash then presents himself at Annie's house and
the two consummate their attraction with a weekend-long
lovemaking session. Crash then retires as a player and returns to
Durham, where Annie tells him she's ready to give up her annual
affairs with "boys". Crawl leaves to head back toA. Crawl
rebounds though, and begins to prove himself an avid farmer,
quickly learning how to perform each task he's given.
Crestfallen, he goes to the bank to close his account. Crick is
the epitome of the macho man stereotype, with his big pectorals,
conceited attitude, and abusiveness. Crick leaves, and Patty
tries to help Matthew, but Matthew can't help but think of
Patty's reputation as a "slut". Crick makes a pass at Matthew in
drag while he fights with Patty. Crick sees that Matthew wants
Patty, but Matthew has him arrested for sexually assaulting him
(when he was dressed as Francesca). Crises abound. Cristabel jogs
on the beach every day with many suitors trying to catch her eye,
including an albino stalker. Cristina is won over by the offer
almost at once, but Vicky is unimpressed and reluctant; she
however eventually decides to accompany her friend anyway, mainly
to watch over her. Cristina realizes that the ex-spouses are
still in love, and María Elena suggests that Cristina may be the
element that can give balance and stability to their
relationship. Cristina then moves in with Juan Antonio and begins
to discover more about his past. Crosby is also heard singing
'Our Big Love Scene' on the radio when Jill is showing Sylvia her
apartment. Crosby sings 'After Sundown' at the party. Crowchild,
who has similar emotions, reveals to her that he was adopted by
Aucoin's father and that he himself is rich, but posing as a poor
artist to be better received by the community. Crushed, Elle
moves in with her uncle Allen (Thomas Calabro), who runs a small,
independent record company called Spunn Records. Crushed, Jamie
withdraws to his French cottage where he meets Portuguese
housekeeper Aurélia (Lúcia Moniz), who does not speak English.
Cry-Baby invites Allison to a party at Turkey Point, a local
hangout spot for the drapes. Cry-Baby is blamed for the fight and
sent to a penitentiary, outraging all his friends and even
Allison's grandmother, who is impressed by Cry-Baby's posture,
manners, and musical talent. Cry-Baby is released, but
immediately insulted by Baldwin, who after revealing that his
grandfather is the one who electrocuted Cry-Baby's father,
challenges him to a chicken race. Cry-Baby wins, as Baldwin
chickens out, and is reunited with Allison. Crystal and her sole
remaining servant, Clara (Greenwood), have him take the place of
the departed butler. Crystal does not correct Clara's incredulous
assumption that it was Claude who ripped it. Crystal has
carefully kept the news of her engagement from him. Cuba Gooding,
Jr. Cugat’s band has a contract to perform at the Grand Hotel,
and Dick goes with them. Cummings shows his badge and reveals
himself as "The Hawk", a well-known Federal agent, as he arrests
Gus and Sergei. Cummings then takes Lou away in an open horse-
drawn carriage instead of the paddywagon into which all the other
criminals have been loaded. Curious, Brad opens the envelope to
find a great deal of money. Curious, he asks Ed about it and is
given the history and tactics of men who have successfully
committed adultery. Curt accompanies Steve, last year's high
school student class president, and Laurie, the current head
cheerleader, to the back-to-high-school sock hop. Curt and Steve
are scheduled to travel the next morning to Northeastern United
States to start college. Curt replies probably not, intimating
that he decided to go to college and will be leaving that
morning. Curt waits by the telephone booth and early the next
morning, he is awakened by the phone ringing. Curtis arranges for
a genuine Justice of the Peace to participate in a wedding scene,
resulting in (unknown to her) their actual marriage on stage.
Curtis finds himself imprisoned in the guardhouse, where he
encounters the visiting Sheila and quickly spins his own web of
lies (including a fictitious promotion to Captain) in an attempt
to impress her and win her heart. Curtis flies in to deliver the
news about the Toy Santa's coal binge. Curtis' friends hold a
demonstration to convince Sheila to return to the show. Cut back
to present day, the marriage counselor has finished the story and
Lisa wonders how the story ends. Cut to a surprisingly long
ballet dream sequence of his travels (Peter’s Ballet). Cynthia
Pilgrim (Betty Grable) is the top typewriting (Typewriter)
student of the first graduating class of the Packard Business
College in New York City, and as such she is offered a position
with the Pritchard Shipping Company in Boston. Cynthia and Jason
share drinks and end up becoming intimate. Cynthia asks for an
opportunity to prove she's as efficient as her male counterparts,
but John refuses and offers her train fare back to New York.
Cynthia finds lodgings at Catherine Dennison's (Elizabeth
Patterson) boarding house, where she meets an eclectic group of
tenants, including poet Leander Woolsey (Allyn Joslyn), artist
Michael Michael (Arthur Shields), and musician Herbert Jothan
(Charles Kemper). Cynthia is delighted to discover their efforts
were unnecessary, because mrs Pritchard proves to be down-to-
earth and a supporter of Cynthia's desire to be treated equally
in the workplace. Cynthia shows off her newly found martial art
abilities, and ms Stern learns a valuable lesson on gender
equality, as Matthew stands up to her in front of the class, to
an ovation. Cynthia sues him for breach of contract, but in court
Anthony argues he refused to sing for her because she does not
appreciate his talent, and the case is dismissed. Cécile arrives
home and has another fight with Louise. Cécile comes back home
and finds that Louise has moved back in, when she discovers the
reason (Louise had cheated on her boyfriend and he dumped her)
she is so angry that she slaps her daughter and also draws a
conclusion that Agnès is the one having an affair with Alain.
Cécile confronts Georges about the truth related to her husband's
whereabouts but he does not betray anything and acts surprised
when she tells him that Alain is not in Paris. Cécile goes to the
school and finds that everyone is celebrating Jeanne's release
from prison. D represents Distraction. D'Artagnan and his
friends, now recovered from their injuries, return to Paris.
D'Artagnan hires a servant (Planchet), finds lodgings, and
reports to Monsieur des Essart. D'Artagnan is thus able to return
a complete set of jewels to Queen Anne just in time to save her
honour. D'Artagnan meets Milady de Winter officially, and
recognizes her as one of the Cardinal's agents, but becomes
infatuated with her until her maid reveals that Milady is
indifferent toward him. D'Artagnan offers the letter to Athos,
Porthos, and Aramis in turn but each refuses it, Athos because it
is below him, Porthos because he is retiring to marry his wealthy
mistress and Aramis because he is joining the priesthood.
D'Artagnan resolves to avenge himself upon the man (who is later
revealed to be the Comte de Rochefort, an agent of Cardinal
Richelieu, who is passing orders from the Cardinal to his spy
Lady de Winter, usually called Milady de Winter or simply
Milady). D'Artagnan seriously wounds Jussac, one of the
Cardinal's officers and a renowned fighter. D'Artagnan, though
heartbroken and full of regrets, gets the promotion he coveted.
DJ Heidee receives a call from a girl named Melissa (Megan Young)
who is asking advice on how to break up with her boyfriend Andrew
(Gerald Anderson). DJ, Karan, Aslam, Sukhi, and Laxman decide
that they must emulate the early freedom fighters and resort to
violence to achieve justice. Dado Tagalog and Manuel dela Cruz
are two Overseas Filipino workers employed with Giant Bicycles in
Taiwan. Dado calls Anna and asks for forgiveness. Dado foolishly
decides to break up with Anna on her birthday, which he had
forgotten all along. Daisy and Ally's friends worry she is
falling for Colin and warn her off him, reminding her of his
promiscuous nature. Daisy and Kat bond when Kat is devastated
after Tim's and her evening together and Daisy comforts her baby
sister. Daisy breaks up with him, believing that his family's
remarks were harmless and that he was simply using her to show up
his parents. Daisy is sad so she goes and sees Nana and takes her
anger out on her. Daisy just wants to find love through lust
while trying to get out of Mystic. Daisy meets a handsome young
man named Charles (Adam Storke) at a bar, and the two are
immediately attracted to each other, and begin a relationship,
much to her mother's dismay, believing that the relationship will
prevent her making something of herself like Kat. Daisy says that
she must marry someone who is of royal blood, and Minnie insists
that she cannot marry someone she does not love. Daisy tells Nana
of her strong and blossoming romance with a young man named Ethan
and her problems at school because she's Jewish. Dal is the main
suspect, but Inspector Doremus does not believe him to be guilty,
and gives the resourceful lawyer the freedom to investigate on
his own. Dal negotiates with gangster Kinland to retrieve letters
embarrassing to Donna. Dal runs into an old flame, Jerry, now wed
to a lawyer named Classon. Dal sets up a trap in a Greenwich
Village apartment, pretending to have located the missing Mary
there and notifying each of the suspects that she is leaving
there to meet him at his suite. Dale mistakes Jerry for Horace,
who is married to her friend Madge (Helen Broderick). Daljit
manages to crawl to the recording room, where Karan is still on
air. Dallas is immediately attracted to Sean, and (she thinks) he
to her, but he treats her brusquely. Dallas makes some progress
with Sean, but friction between them continues, especially after
Dallas adopts first one, then two, and finally three orphaned
elephant calves. Dallas quickly makes friends with the others,
especially Pockets. Dame Olga discovers that Sir Peter is now
impoverished, but because of the gift, is unable to hate him. Dan
Burns is a newspaper advice columnist, a widower, and single-
parent to his three girls. Dan Hardesty (William Powell) is an
escaped murderer, sentenced to hang. Dan and Bradley (now
revealed that Bradley's girlfriend is an old friend of Dan)
insist that the groups spend some time together and chat, much to
Eliot's chagrin. Dan and Joan fall in love on the month-long
cruise, neither knowing that the other is under the shadow of
death. Dan carries her aboard for medical help, forfeiting his
chance. Dan has a soft spot for Helen Riley (Joan Bennett), a
sharp-tongued waitress at a cheap diner, while her scatter-
brained sister Kate (Marion Burns) is in love with Duke Castage
(George Walsh), a sleazy low-level mobster. Dan immediately
discovers the joys of a swinging bachelor life, cavorting with
Ernie's sexy playmates and even with a young friend of daughter
Tracy's. Dan informs her that she will be hired back at $10 more
per week and that a gift will be delivered to her apartment later
that night. Dan is disheartened and resists his father's
relationship advice about finding someone of his own. Dan
reluctantly agrees to a foursome dinner with their once
unattractive childhood friend, "pig-faced" Ruthie. Dan returns to
his parents' house and announces that he has 'met someone'. Dan
reveals that he was not speaking of a girl, but in fact he meant
his dog. Dan, fed up with both of them, decides he's not exactly
broken-hearted, either. Dana soon proves to be too egoistical and
ambitious for Smokey's taste. Dana's father then bans Dana from
seeing Nathan. Danaher, who had wanted the farm himself, is angry
that the Widow Tillane (herself angered by Danaher's admission
that he had discussed her in the local pub) accepts Sean's bid,
and retaliates by refusing consent for his sister to marry.
Dancer Paula McFadden (Marsha Mason) and her ten-year-old
daughter Lucy (Quinn Cummings) live in a Manhattan apartment with
her married boyfriend, Tony DeForrest, until one day, he deserts
her to go act in a movie in Italy. Daniel (Duncan), the owner of
one of the two hotels, is trying to stay afloat. Daniel (Liam
Neeson), Karen's friend, mourns the recent death of his wife
Joanna, as he tries to raise his stepson Sam (Thomas Sangster)
alone. Daniel Michon (Thelonious Bernard) is a street-wise
13-year-old French boy who lives in La Garenne with his father, a
cabbie. Daniel Miller (Albert Brooks), a Los Angeles advertising
executive, dies in a car accident on his 39th birthday and is
sent to the afterlife. Daniel and the rest of the recently
deceased are offered many Earth-like amenities and activities in
the city while they undergo their judgment processes—from all-
you-can-eat restaurants (which cause no weight gain and serve the
best food), to bowling alleys and comedy clubs. Daniel finds
himself strapped to a seat on a tram poised to return to Earth,
when he spots Julia on a different tram. Daniel follows the
retreating car down the street, watching Lauren wave through the
rear window. Daniel hates all Wooleys and tries to prevent his
daughter from helping one of them. Daniel pushes him into the
canal and as the Campanile begins chiming, pulls the gondola
towards the bridge hand over hand using the pilings. Daniel
remains disappointed. Daniel returns immediately to New York,
alone, but with Audrey fast on his heels, as she realizes that
she has fallen in love with him. Daniel says that he is still
going to Venice, and Lauren and Julius join him. Daniel worms his
background out of Julius, who also confesses that he both picked
Bob's pocket and stole the money for their train tickets,
disappointing Lauren. Daniel's judgment process is presided over
by two judges (played by Lillian Lehman and George Wallace).
Danielle and Henry are ambushed by gypsies after stumbling upon
each other by a river. Danielle is introduced as Henry's wife and
wishes Rodmilla and Marguerite the same courtesy they had shown
her. Danielle resolves the issue and they share their first kiss.
Danielle returns her mother's slippers to Rodmilla in exchange
for the book, but Marguerite burns it in the fire anyway.
Danielle sees a man stealing her father's horse and unseats him
with an apple until she recognizes he is Prince Henry (Dougray
Scott). Daniels persuades him to help others in every way he can,
including his wife Lu's good-for-nothing brother, Claude, who's
been living with them rent-free for six months, and their
neighbors the Butlers, who need a car for a vacation when theirs
breaks down. Danilo (Daniel Tavares) is about to move out of his
parents' house to go live with his boyfriend, Marcos (Diego
Torraca), when his parents die unexpectedly in an accident. Danni
pursues another love interest, in part to get back at Mia. Danny
(Bryan Burke), is a young student in middle school. Danny Miller
(Frank Sinatra) is with a group of GIs awaiting transportation
home to the US. Danny O'Neill (Fred Astaire), and Hank Taylor
(Burgess Meredith) are friends and rival trumpeters, with
"O'Neill's Perennials", a college band. Danny Valdessecchi (Chris
Pine) is an intelligent, handsome, charming boy who happens to be
blind. Danny and Julie end up together at a school dance and
Hubbie re-connects with his former love with the help of Danny.
Danny and Katherine are both surprised by her proposition, but
Danny ultimately agrees. Danny asks Katherine to pose as "Devlin"
and they go shopping on Rodeo Drive for new clothes to dress like
a trophy wife. Danny becomes enthusiastic of turning himself into
a grown man with the same machine, in order to break up Miss
Noble's engagement, as well as convincing her to give him a
chance. Danny begins to realize that the independence he enjoyed
comes with a staggering cost. Danny encourages Harold to ask
Amanda for an autograph. Danny encourages Harold to pursue Amanda
romantically, even though she has a movie-star boyfriend, Rich
Adams (Costas Mandylor). Danny flees to the graveyard where his
father is buried and talks to him about his problems. Danny gets
drunk, then seeks solace and insight (and a joyride in a vintage
Ford Mustang convertible) from his landlord and friend, Ernie
(Hector Elizondo). Danny informs Rover of his trip back to Las
Vegas and leaves. Danny is awarded $200 for capturing the
criminals and plans to buy baseball uniforms for his friends.
Danny is eventually released from the clinic, and teaches Pat and
Tiffany some new dance moves for their routine. Danny is notably
Jewish, and among the issues the movie raises is his temptation
to assimilate into the larger culture. Danny later calls
Katherine regarding his confusion, but Katherine says that she
will be taking a job in New York City (which she had mentioned to
him earlier) to get a fresh start to her life. Danny soon learns
that Hubbie once had a former lover before dying in an accident.
Danny teaches Michael how to swim, and Katherine and Palmer look
on in admiration. Danny tells Palmer that they are getting
divorced because she cheated on him with a man named "Dolph
Lundgren" (not the actor). Danny then privately meets with
Katherine's kids, Maggie (Bailee Madison) and Michael (Griffin
Gluck), to get them to play along with the ruse and gives them
the aliases of "Kiki Dee" and "Bart" respectively. Danny's body
count mounts while his willpower deteriorates as quickly as his
decomposing flesh. Danny's family, his eccentric psychotherapist
dr Evans (Jane Seymour) and eye doctor dr Perkins (Stephen
Tobolowsky) advise him to continue because it is his only chance
of seeing, and soon Danny is successfully operated on. Danny's
independence is financially compromised when his wealthy and
emotionally detached father abruptly stops sending subsistence
money. Danny's sister Ruth (Gale Storm) calls Joe, who is her
boyfriend, and he has the Kids arrested for thievery. Danny, an
acclaimed singer and songwriter, falls in love with a socialite
girl who is just playing around. Daphne becomes pregnant. Darcy
and Bingley return to the countryside, and Bingley resumes
courting Jane. Darcy and Elizabeth go for a walk together and
they become engaged. Darcy apologises for hurting Jane and
Elizabeth begins to rejudge Mr Darcy on a clearer basis. Darcy is
touched by this gesture and returns to Elizabeth. Darcy realizes
that his demeanor encourages people to believe the rumors about
him and resolves to act more appropriately. Darcy resists his
attraction to Lalita, who considers him conceited, arrogant, and
intolerant toward India and Indian culture. Darcy's changed
attitude and manners impress Elizabeth and lead her to consider
reconciling their relationship. Darius Britt (Aubrey Plaza) is a
disillusioned college graduate who lives at home with her widower
father (Jeff Garlin) and interns at Seattle Magazine. Darius
apologizes for lying to Kenneth, tells him everything else they
shared was real, and joins him on the time machine. Darius
discovers that the person behind the ad is Kenneth Calloway (Mark
Duplass), a stock clerk at a local grocery store. Darius follows
him and finds Kenneth has boarded his time machine, which has
been integrated into a small boat. Darius returns to Kenneth's
house to confront him about Belinda, but Kenneth rationalizes
that his time traveling must have worked. Darius' disaffected
attitude serves her well, and she quickly endears herself to
Kenneth as she poses as a candidate to accompany him on his
mission. Darla turns out to be a "Bridezilla", a controlling,
egotistical child of privilege who has lost perspective about her
wedding day. Darnell quickly learns the hard way that when you
"play", you have to "pay". Darren Silverman, Wayne LeFessier,
andD. Darren begins to play well but then gets suspended for the
next two games after beating up Le Cocq and hitting Coach Cherkov
with a hockey puck. Darren freezes and Pitka realizes he needs to
distract Darren from whatever is troubling him. Darren has Wayne
andD. Darren meets a beautiful but domineering psychologist who
is showing signs of being emotionally abusive, Judith
Fessbeggler, through a chance encounter in a local bar after a
band gig. Darrin quits his job and returns to Monte Carlo to
reconcile with Lilly. Darrin returns to his hometown of Monte
Carlo, Georgia, and on the way, looks back on both comical and
heartwarming memories of MaryAnn (who is later revealed to have
died in a car accident when Darrin was a teenager) and the
experiences they had together. Darryl Palmer is a baseball player
for the Atlanta Braves. Darryl Walker (Damon Wayans) is a clumsy
nerdy repairman, who is a genius and Batman fan. Darryl
Witherspoon (Marlon Wayans) is a college economics student, who
does not have the advantages of his wealthy nemesis, Scott Thorpe
(David Spade), or his best friend Tim LaFlour (Matthew Lillard),
who has a hockey scholarship. Darryl demands an audience with the
police commissioner, but the police are not impressed with his
actions, ridicule him, and arrest him for disturbing the peace.
Darryl does indeed hit his record-breaking home run, but it
remains uncertain whether the couple's relationship can ever be
what it once was. Darryl falls to the ground after getting the
same embarrassing reaction he had the first time while Kevin and
Kimberly laugh at him. Darryl has a pure heart and an optimistic
Pollyannish personality. Darryl is released on orders to see a
psychiatrist. Darryl is so broke he donates four pints of blood
in one day (playing a different character each time) and four
vials of sperm in one day. Darryl just stares, and Kevin replies,
"He's gone blank, ma'am". Darryl then gives up his heroic works
for a normal life, getting a job at a McDonald's. Darryl uses it
to his advantage and he impresses the competition's supervisor,
mr Tyson (Rip Torn) and he even joins the hockey team as a
goalie. Darryl was so pure and shielded from reality presumably
because of his interest in inventing, that he does not even
realize that there is a "crackhouse in front of [their] flat".
Darryl's big break comes when he enters a competition, where the
winner gets a high-paying Wall Street job. Darryl's luck then
starts going down the drain as he loses the hockey game because
his sense of sight is lost. Dashiell invites Lester to come over
to his house for a drink, and he agrees. Dat tried to convince
Jimmy as an accomplice to a new bank heist of which Jimmy needed
little persuasion. Date with an Angel tells the story of Jim
Sanders (Michael Knight), an executive at a cosmetics company,
about to marry Patty Winston (Phoebe Cates), the spoiled daughter
of Jim's boss. Dave (Vince Vaughn), a dealer for Guitar Hero, and
Ronnie (Malin Åkerman), a stay-at-home mom, are a typical couple
raising two young children in the suburbs of Chicago. Dave
Randall, a jaded, womanizing, reality dating TV producer, runs
into his old college crush, Kelly, and soon realizes his bar-
hopping, bed-hopping ways are leaving him unfulfilled. Dave
Veltri (Steve Buscemi), the groom's best man from an earlier
wedding, becomes the new wedding singer. Dave and Ronnie discuss
their inability to go because of childcare responsibilities and
decline the trip. Dave asks a random guy on the street if he
likes to party. Dave has Kelly — the only woman he's ever loved —
re-train him to become the nice guy he used to be. Dave invites
Kate to go out for drinks, and she tells Luke that she wants to
go, rather than going to dinner. Dave powers down while Dooley
and his partner catch up and point their guns at him. David Bowie
(portraying himself) sees the video and sends an e-mail to Will,
explaining that he is starting an indie music label and is
interested in having the band as one of their first artists.
David Huxley (Cary Grant) is a mild-mannered paleontologist.
David Kennedy is preparing to go to university. David Merlin
(David Niven), the playboy son of the store's ownerB. David
alerts a police officer and is instantly killed by a passing
truck. David and Pat have an ugly showdown over Patterson, only
to learn that he has gone back to war. David breaks Frankie's
heart when she finds out that he is engaged to a lawyer, Molly
(Leslie Stevens), but he eventually chooses Frankie over his
fiance, and visits her in Los Angeles, where she has joined
Allison, who is exploring an acting career. David chooses to
become a lobster, due to their life cycle and his love of the
sea. David comforts Muriel and they finally consummate their
marriage. David develops a relationship with Woolridge's
daughter, Cheryl Ann Wayne. David discovers that his wife has
left him for another man, and is escorted to a hotel. David fails
to convince the constable that Susan makes things up "from motion
pictures she's seen". David falls for his best friend's
girlfriend, who isn't interested in the least. David finally
receives the intercostal clavicle, but Susan's dog George (Asta)
takes it out of its box and buries it. David finally relinquishes
his celibacy and hooks up with Bernadette. David finally tells
his daughter the truth about her mother's death. David gets his
best friend, Carol's brother Bob to witness their wedding at a
Justice of the Peace in a neighbouring town using Millie, who has
an infatuation with Bob to drive them to the town in her car and
act as another witness. David is shocked and Montana flees the
set, screaming in horror. David is too afraid to commit to his
girlfriend Sarah, who is pressuring him to get married. David is
torn apart by the zombies, while Dianne rushes out to rescue him,
disappearing into the advancing horde. David is unaware of what
is happening until the final night before the election, when it
becomes clear to him during a party on the estate. David kisses a
startled Mary, who starts to hiccup again. David later decides to
court a notoriously cruel woman who has tranquilized more loners
than anyone else. David makes acquaintances with Robert, a man
with a lisp, and John, a man with a limp, who become his quasi-
friends. David realizes that Pat still loves Patterson and
arranges for them to reunite. David refuses, saying he wants to
be with his father, who is scheduled for surgery. David reveals
that Jesse and Jade are the main suspects for all of the deaths.
David reveals to the nosebleed woman that John has been faking,
and he forces David to leave. David saves her, using a chair to
shoo the big cat into a cell. David tells her that she should get
out more and much to his surprise, Frank enrolls at the same
university. David's involvement with Polly gradually turns into
love, but he keeps the relationship a secret from his father,
fearing his reaction. David's voiceover also relates that all the
messages left by the people who died on the 9/11 planes were
messages of love and not hate. David, still spiraling in his
obsession with Amy, has become disillusioned with sex and has
taken a vow of celibacy. Davis is openly contemptuous of Milly's
unrealistic plan to compete in the International Grand Prix,
causing clashes with his spoiled employer. Davis is so in love
with the Cellini and desperate to acquire it that he asks her to
marry him. Davis repeatedly refuses to reveal what sport he is
competing in. Dawg has another piece, having stolen it from the
corpse of a third brother, Richard, while a fourth brother,
Mordechai (George Murcell), has the last piece. Dawg's ship, the
Reaper, bears down on them. Day in 1945, as peace is declared
across Europe and London is celebrating, Princesses Elizabeth and
Margaret are allowed to join the celebrations, against the
Queen's wishes. Day three, Georgina finds herself with Clem at a
night club. Days before the race, Whit proposes to Libby at her
birthday party. Days later, Catcher is completely depressed; all
his efforts to win Barbara back have failed. Days later, Tess and
Jack gatecrash Trask's (Philip Bosco) daughter’s (Barbara
Garrick) wedding and pitch their plan. Days later, Tess clears
out her desk and then bumps into Jack, Katharine, and Trask in
front of the lobby elevators. Days pass by and Holly and her mom
maintain a cold relationship, and Holly is offended by her
interpretation of Adam's drawing of "Princess Holly". Dazzled,
Alice thanks him and they begin a relationship. De Lage is
Haleakaloha's French governor, who hopes to find a post somewhere
else. De Lussac gets rid of Marguerite and ends up with Anna. De
Lussac's friend Paul Vernet (Edward Everett Horton), who is in
love with millionaire's daughter Susie Flamberg (Nydia Westman),
has to face a great jealous rage, as Susie has fallen in love
with De Lussac and has brought in her father to force him into
marrying her. Dean attempts to throw a punch at Billy but is
knocked down by Paddy, who stopped by to give Archie his cell
phone due to several missed calls from his son Ezra. Dean boasts
to Preston and others in the bathroom that he is succeeding in
seducing Laney and has rented a hotel room with intention of
having sex with her. Dean comes by and begins groping the
bachelorette and is confronted by Archie, Billy and Sam. Dean has
just split up with from his wife and has returned to Big Eden
with his kids Ben and Andrew. Dean persuades Les to go out for a
joyride, along with their friend Charles (Michael Manasseri), who
are both still unaware that Les does not have a license. Dean
picks out Laney Boggs (Rachael Leigh Cook), a dorky, solitary,
unpopular art student, as his choice for Zack. Dean tries to
invite Laney as his prom partner in an attempt to ruin Zack's
attempt to boost Laney's winning chance with his own popularity,
but Laney refuses. Dean, at first trying to intimidate Barry,
finds Barry much more intimidating and Barry compels Dean to
leave him alone. Deb discovers a security checkpoint at the town
limits. Deb once again attempts to seduce Ryan, who is more
concerned with checking on his family and ex-fiancee. Deb
realizes they can use her television station to send out a
broadcast that can not be jammed. Deb saves Ryan from a zombie
attack, and they return to his apartment. Deb takes Corey aside
and advises her on the questionable choices she is making,
choices which may have dire consequences on her bright future.
Deb's boyfriend Berko (Coyote Shivers) soon arrives as well.
Debbie and Desi meet several players from the Philadelphia Flyers
hockey team at the pub. Debbie and Larry take Pete to the
hospital, where Larry and Debbie reconcile, with Larry advising
Debbie that it's because of her, that she keeps the family
together. Debbie and Larry then go after Pete, trying to find
him. Debbie and Pete talk later and Pete explains that he is
actually thrilled about having a third baby, and that he doesn't
feel trapped, so the two reconcile. Debbie argues with her dad
about not spending enough much time in her life, and how his is
perfect. Debbie awkwardly finds out that one of the players wants
to hang out with her and possibly sleep with her. Debbie decides
to divorce him, and she marries Joe, one of the acquaintances.
Debbie fires her and leaves. Debbie is angered that she is
turning 40. Debbie is both furious and impressed that Ben took
charge of the situation and begins to change her formerly
negative opinion about him. Debbie tells Pete that he needs to
stop lending his dad, Larry (Albert Brooks), money, because it is
hurting them financially. Debbie then suggests that Pete should
sign him to his label and plan to talk to him as they finish
watching the show. Debbie's husband Joe is recruited to help
clearing the tunnel of mud; he informs Eddie, who insists in
participating too. Debbie's husband, Pete (Paul Rudd), works as a
talent scout for rock bands, but he leaves at odd hours in the
night, which makes her suspect he is having an affair. Debby
comes back to try to work things out. Debby isn't ready to put
her professional hopes on hold. Debi stumbles upon the scene and,
horrified to find that Martin was not joking about his work after
all, flees the reunion. Deborah and Praetorius hide Deborah's
shooting incident from her father, who is a failure in life and
lives unhappily as a dependent of his stingy brother. Deborah is
his only pride in life, which might become intolerable for him
with a baby to take care of and his daughter's reputation ruined.
Deborah, knowing that Nora (traveling with Gordon and Ferdi) has
arrived by boat, hurries to the hotel and notifies Dick, who
loads Deborah onto her bicycle and together they ride to the
Cambaretti house to speak with Nora. Debra manages to get the
confidential information out of Katie and thereby make sure that
the Board of Directors fires Richard. Debu (Rahul Bose) is a
32-year-old advertising agent, but has a serious problem in that
he is still a virgin. Deciding that revenge would make them no
better than their husbands, they instead use these situations to
push their men into funding the establishment of a nonprofit
organization dedicated to aiding abused women, in memory of their
college friend Cynthia. Deciding to rest on a beach at the edge
of the village, Ernesto and Tonya kiss passionately, unconcerned
of Masha's dire condition, and Lani and Bryan storm off in anger.
Deciding to take a job to earn money for her, he becomes a street
sweeper. Deciding to turn her back on the world of men, she
announces that she plans to fire her board of directors, disband
her empire and retire to a Tibetan monastery once she has evicted
all the monks. Declaring himself "sick and tired of everything",
Jim goes for a walk in the park, where he meets a young woman
named Joan Hawthorne (Arthur). Dede, missing Didi on stage, get
out your search and find the two desacordados. Dedee ends up
serving time in prison, leaving her son in Bill's care while
she's incarcerated. Dedee goes into labor and Bill accompanies
her into the delivery room. Dedee sarcastically concludes that
sex is precisely the opposite of what people should want, leading
as it does to kids, disease or, worst of all, relationships.
Dedee seduces Matt, then tricks him into believing he has
impregnated her. Dedham's three children are placed in Donovan's
care. Deducing that with the CIA director under Diaz's control,
they may be put on a most wanted list, Cody, Derek and Emily
infiltrate the party before the summit. Deeds Corporation takes
over the rival company, but Walter ruins the celebration with his
outburst. Deeds does so, and beats up her "robber", and Babe goes
out with him under the disguise of Pam Dawson, a school nurse
from a made-up town called Winchestertonfieldville, Iowa (which
later turns out to be a real town, which Babe is flabbergasted to
find out). Deeds is contacted and flown to New York City by
businessman Chuck Cedar (Peter Gallagher), who is temporarily in
control of Blake Media. Deeds is too depressed to defend himself
and the situation looks bleak when Babe finally speaks up
passionately on his behalf, castigating herself for what she did
to him. Deeds' unorthodox helicopter trip includes a stop at a
Wendy's for a Frosty as well as a singing of David Bowie's Space
Oddity. Deeds, however, proves to be a shrewd judge of character,
easily fending off Cedar and other greedy opportunists. Deeds,
who has been in love with her, is left heartbroken, and in
disgust he decides to return to Mandrake Falls. Deep (Sanjay
Suri) is happily married to the lovely Shanti (Juhi Chawla), with
a little daughter Muskaan and another baby on the way. Deep's
nagging mother-in-law has come for a two-month visit. Deepak Veer
Chopra, an Indian doctor emigrates to Canada in the hope of
starting a new life, but bureaucracy confines him to life as a
taxi driver. Deeply in love with Belle himself and still hoping
to get her back, Willie lets Steve live. Defeated and stranded
due to the damage to his car, Ben reports to the local clinic,
where Nurse Packer further humbles him by recording his community
service hours by clocking him in and out, like a factory worker.
Defeated, they return home. Dejected at his struggles and being
demoted, Ryan snaps at Auggie and Pete after the game and says he
likely won't appear at the final games. Dejected, Elizabeth
retires to pack her things and leave the farm. Dejected, Harold
goes back home and finishes rewriting the script. Delacro drives
off, taking Hattie with him. Delacro's attentions to the Countess
turn her head. Delaney convinces him to come to Delaney's home to
see the unfinished film and help complete it. Delaney, the film's
producer and Zack's co-worker, rents film equipment and a
building to use as a studio. Delilah Lee (Betty Grable) is
groomed by her husband Jeff Ames (Macdonald Carey) for his new
Broadway show. Delilah asks Peter for a divorce, asking him for
the winning lottery ticket as her settlement. Delilah becomes
such a success to a point where she feels that Jeff thinks of her
more as an asset than a wife. Delilah then explains to Chance
that Riley is right and they could not be together. Delphine
Lamarre (Mylène Saint-Sauveur) a 20 years old student has to
choose between medicine, her parents' (Paul Doucet and Marina
Orsini) wish, and her dreams of a career in dancing. Denis gets a
nose bleed and Treece gives him tampons to stick up his nostrils
to stop the bleeding. Denis gives up his attempt at retrieval and
returns to the car in only his "lucky" (meaning holey) underwear.
Denis hits Kevin with an oar knocking him out of the boat and
unconscious. Denis' speech upsets everyone except Beth, who
thinks it was "sweet", giving Denis the courage to invite her to
a party at his house that night. Denis, fearing for his college
admittance, jumps over and rescues Kevin revealing that he is a
champion swimmer. Denis, feeling uninvited does not accompany the
Trinity into the party but decides to enter in anyway later.
Denise and Cletus arrive too late to save him, and seeing what
has happened to Sherman, Denise breaks into tears. Denise, after
tenderly disposing of his body, goes back to the beach, where she
remembers better times between them and looks to the tickets that
the pair had purchased to start their dream life in Portugal.
Dennis Doyle (Simon Pegg) is about to marry Libby (Thandie
Newton), his pregnant fiancée. Dennis falls over just metres from
the finish line and cannot get up until he sees Libby and Jake
calling to him at which point he gets up, sprints to the finish
and collapses in their arms. Dennis has in fact refused to be
transported to the hospital or even get medical attention and is
continuing the race well into the afternoon and evening with a
sprained ankle, accompanied by a growing group of supporters,
including Gordon and mr Ghosh Dastidar. Dennis starts the race
alongside Whit, who informs Dennis that he intends to move Libby
and Jake to Chicago, Illinois. Dennis, upon being informed by a
frantic Libby, tracks him down and explains to him that he will
find many things he does not like in his life and he should just
stand up to them and face them, rather than running away. Denny
takes exception to Steve's disappointment that she's not rich and
to his blasé attitude toward the Rose Bowl, a tradition her
family loves. Denys and Rowena go to a party of her upper-class
friends. Denys informs his mother Mildred, the matriarch of the
family, that he has invited Rowena Hyde. Department store
salesclerk Anabel Sims (Betsy Drake) is very enamoured with the
idea of getting married. Depressed after an unsuccessful search,
Ally has a night out with Colin that culminates in the two
growing closer and almost having sex. Depressed after getting
dumped by her cheating husband, Augusta recovers from a resulting
nervous breakdown by way of observing her two sons, 18-year-old
Henry and older brother Matthew, as they come of age. Depressed
and upset, Eliot leaves and contemplates suicide until he is
interrupted by his friend, Louis (David Wain), who gives him a
pep talk on behalf of Caroline, who was worried about him.
Depressed, she and Calvin have a serious talk. Der Kongress tanzt
takes place during the Congress of Vienna, that took place in
1814/1815 after the Napoleonic Wars, a meeting between the powers
that was to set the frontiers of the world. Derek (Howard
McGillin) declares that the wedding preparations begins, but when
he expresses his wish to marry Odette (Michelle Nicastro) only
for her beauty, she rejects him. Derek catches and fires the
arrow into the Great Animal's heart, destroying him. Derek
confesses to Odette that he loves her for her kindness and
courage, and Odette returns to life; the spell on her is broken.
Derek invites Odette to his mother's ball the following night,
hoping to declare to the world of his love for her. Derek is
implanted with the microchip, and is set on Cody by Santiago.
Derek leaves just as Rothbart arrives. Derek makes the vow of
everlasting love to the wrong girl. Derek mistakes Odette for the
Great Animal, (Derek having deduced that the creature is a
shapeshifter), and tries to kill her. Derrick falls into a slump
untilJ. Derrick goes on to pass his Bar Exam, get a job and get a
nice apartment. Derrick panics over what to do andJ. Derrick
plans on cancelling the date because he cannot afford it, butJ.
Derrick punches Trent and tries to run after her but is stopped
by security. Derrick, Jhnelle,J, and Jhnelle's friend Sandie take
a Bentley thatJ. Derrick, an aspiring lawyer who is studying for
the bar exam, struggles to keep his head above water financially.
Derrick, who did not know about the stolen car, gets upset and
walks away fromJ. Des Essart's company is a less prestigious
regiment in which he must serve for two years before being
considered for the Musketeers. Described as a
comedy/drama/musical/romance, the story revolves around a
Ukrainian immigrant namedK. Desi reveals she is able to afford
nice things because she is also an escort. Desiree discovers that
the bakery is also having financial difficulties; she develops a
gourmet cupcake that becomes wildly popular, bringing success to
the bakery and franchising offers from Corporate America. Desiree
finds that her re-emergence into the real-world has affected her
sensibilities, she is now capable of consideration for others and
receptive to a new relationship with Benny. Desiree is faced with
the ultimatum of selling out her father in order to return to her
former lifestyle. Desperate for another chance at Olympic glory,
Doug agrees to work as Kate's partner, even though he has a macho
contempt for figure skating. Desperate for independence and eager
to escape her relatives who are always there, she applies to
distant schools across the country. Desperate not to spend
Christmas alone, Drew calls all of his contacts to find a place
to stay on Christmas, but he is not close enough to anyone to be
invited. Desperate to conceal the stain on his pants, Kirk seems
discourteous by avoiding to stand up and shake hands, and quickly
leaves Molly's apartment. Desperate to get married, Muriel enters
into a conspiracy to commit visa fraud marrying South African
swimmer David Van Arkle so that he can stay in Australia and
compete in the upcoming Olympics. Desperate to keep his job,
Sagamore realises that Kabir is responsible for Epifania's
erratic behaviour and goes to see the doctor. Desperate to pay
off the procedure for her breast surgery, Elizabeth steals the
state test answers by disguising herself as a journalist and
seducing Carl Halabi, a state official who is in charge of
creating and distributing the exams. Desperate to prove himself
to Darcy and Dan, Nick attempts to think of copy for a series of
feminine products that Darcy distributed at the day's staff
meeting. Desperate to save her father from being caught and sent
to prison, Nicole meets with Simon, believing him to be a
burglar, and asks him to steal the Venus for her. Desperate to
save himself, Greg reveals that he has witnessed Jack speaking
with strange characters (including speaking with someone in Thai
over the phone and meeting with a man in a drug store parking
lot) and is planning a secret mission to Thailand after Pam's
sister's wedding, thus lying about being retired from the CIA.
Desperate to stop Isolde from leaving, Augie then confesses the
incident with Estelle. Desperate to the beautiful Claire again,
Charles sends his valet over to Claire's maid Clementine after
the opera. Desperate, he gets Beardsley to pretend to be his
uncle Ben. Desperate, he seeks the aid of a local matchmaker who
suggest that he go to Romania to find a new wife. Desperate, she
invents a fiancé on the spot (conveniently away in Alaska), but
Ralph insists on interviewing her phantom boyfriend within 60
days. Desperate, the monks capture Malloy and hold him for
ransom: His life for the lotus. Desperation sets in, so Matthew
appeals to his mystery maiden by proclaiming his love for her to
the whole dormitory. Despite Andy's pleading with Barney to drop
the hunt because people were laughing at him, Otis' report
convinces Barney to resume the hunt. Despite Bob's efforts to
disillusion Maria, the two quickly fall in love. Despite Brian's
gorgeous Tribeca loft and perfect house in the Hamptons, he longs
to write works of greater literary value. Despite Connie's hopes
that being a landlord will give Jim time to write a novel, Jim
realizes that the building will require much work and will barely
give them enough income. Despite Katrina's strong opposition,
Johann does just that in parliament. Despite Melodie's charm,
Andy later admits to her that he does not return her affection.
Despite Miri working at the local shopping mall and Zack working
at a coffee shop, they have not paid their utility bills in
months, with Zack devoting much of his free time to a fanatic
following of the Pittsburgh Penguins and his status in the
community amateur hockey team, the Monroeville Zombies. Despite
Queen Clarisse's objection, the only way Mia can assume her
duties as Queen is if she marries within the month. Despite
Ralph's reluctance to accept British culture and his ineptness in
formal affairs, he makes a positive impression on King Mulambon
(Rudolph Walker) of Zambezi during the latter's state visit.
Despite Sue's warning, Henry invites Lucy to have breakfast with
him. Despite Tennessee's best efforts, it looks as if Herbie will
be unable to start the return leg of the race the following
morning. Despite Toula being shy whenever she sees Ian, they
introduce themselves, date, and fall in love. Despite Vronsky's
reassurances, she grows increasingly possessive and paranoid
about his imagined infidelity, fearing loss of control. Despite
Wes and Alison understanding each other's position, they
eventually end up kissing while getting more drunk and casual
towards end of a game of strip poker. Despite a good effort on
his part, he ultimately loses the bet when he has to draw money
to wed poverty stricken Frances Clayton (Mary Brian), to save her
from an unhappy marriage of convenience. Despite a moment where
Sutter dances with Cassidy, their night goes well, and she tells
him that she stood up to her mom and is going to Philadelphia,
inviting him to live with her and attend a junior college.
Despite a valiant effort, the Tramp is knocked out. Despite all
the horrible things Gyeon-woo endures, he is determined to help
cure the girl's pain. Despite being attracted to Ricki, Gigli
resents both Louis' lack of faith in him and having to take
orders from a woman. Despite being in love with George herself,
Jane does not reveal the truth and her sister's courtship
progresses rapidly. Despite being rebuffed, he continues to
pursue her and eventually strong-arms her into a cup of coffee.
Despite being treated as a part of the family, she announces her
decision to leave her job and go to secretarial school in order
to improve her situation. Despite both of them already in a
relationship with somebody else, one day Mike and Alicia walk to
her house from the library talking about the Homecoming Dance.
Despite despising everything Andy stands for, the conservative
Amy discovers (to her great disgust) that she is physically
attracted to him and likes the way he smells, which is rather
awkward, since she is scheduled to marry another swimmer in a few
weeks. Despite having a college degree, he is aimless and gets a
job at a women's center. Despite having a diminished intellect,
Forrest is admitted to public school after his mother agrees to
have sex with the principal. Despite having significant others
(22-year-old Sarah the dancer and Geoffrey the cardiologist, both
absent) the couple choose to go upstairs to her hotel room
together. Despite her already hectic schedule, Helen finds the
time to develop a genuine affection for her new dependents, as
well as an equally genuine attraction to Dan Parker (John
Corbett), the kids' school principal and local Lutheran pastor.
Despite her beauty, Bendetta is the spoiled daughter of Sasha's
patron, Riccardo (Colangeli) She appears to spend much of her
time abusing alcohol, surrounded by like-minded rich youth that
also delve into cocaine. Despite her distaste for Eddie, she
continues working with him back in theS. Despite her engagement
to Arnold Plum, a pushover who lives to serve his fiancée,
Boullard is convinced that she an old spinster at just 30 years
old. Despite her ex-husband's urging that she start dating again,
she has no man in her life. Despite her grandmother's skepticism,
Allison accompanies Cry-Baby to Turkey Point and sings with the
drapes. Despite her initial dislike for him, Maisie starts
falling in love. Despite her mother's newspaper artist friend
Jimmy Kilmartin warnings of Alan's scandalous past revolving
women, Mimi is determined to one day become mrs Wythe. Despite
herself, she enjoys herself when Michael makes her go
berrypicking and fishing with him. Despite his anger at her
deception, Michael forgives Julianne, and they split up to look
for Kimmy. Despite his best efforts to avoid the duty, Madison
and his now gung-ho friend, Commander "Bus" Cummings (James
Coburn), find themselves and a film crew with the combat
engineers, who will be the first sailors ashore. Despite his best
efforts to disguise it, it becomes clear that the more Izzy
watches, the more he likes. Despite his condition, Eric is able
to easily wrestle Jarrod to the ground and only relents in his
attacks when Jarrod's father tells him to leave him alone.
Despite his disappointment, Kralik goes in and talks with her,
pretending he is there to meet Pirovitch. Despite his efforts to
either hide the memories or wake up and stop the process, the
memories are slowly erased. Despite his efforts, his
modifications prove to be unsound and he seems destined to return
to the Soviet Union in disgrace. Despite his good fortune,
Sherman has a major problem: the personality of his vanquished
alter ego, Buddy Love, is still ingrained inside him and causes
him to act out in the same crass manner Buddy does. Despite his
guilt, R continues eating the remains of Perry’s brain, seeing it
as a rare treasure. Despite his initial anger at her lie, the two
grow closer—due in no small part to a confidence boost Sue gave
to Rahul's tormented younger brother, Govind, who incorrectly
believes that no one cares about his welfare—and eventually
consider one another a fit match. Despite his initial displeasure
at Marge's appearance, Freddy gives in and accepts her. Despite
his innocence, Sergio claims responsibility for the fire so he
can use the money to claim Hattie as his own. Despite his obvious
wealth, Regi does not view him as a potential husband, and has no
qualms about telling him about her goal in life. Despite his
success and finally coming home, he is lonely and often thinks of
Jenny, who has been living a life of promiscuity and substance
abuse. Despite his weak protests, she insists she will send him
two companion statues (also based on Iris). Despite knowing
nothing about writing, Harold buys a stack of books on
screenwriting and dedicates himself to rewriting the screenplay.
Despite knowing that he might lose his job, Joe agrees and the
two set off together to serve Gordon. Despite living in a dingy
boardinghouse and being given the hardest job in the plant, he
manages to captivate his landlady (Andrée Corday) and the maid
(Elaine Koch) with his humorous songs. Despite losing his job,
Carey writes his story, Linda realizes he always knew the truth
about the couples, and the two reconcile. Despite old job offers
from a number of restaurants, Isabella is unable to find a job
until she takes over a cooking class at a local culinary school.
Despite orders, O'Conner climbs down the rope and saves Martin's
life by parachuting both of them to the ground. Despite receiving
a $2,000 scholarship from the local Moose Lodge, Curt has second
thoughts about leaving Modesto. Despite repeated attempts to
break up the candidates they continue a covert relationship.
Despite some animosity between them, Annie and Crash work, in
their own ways, to shape Ebby into a big-league pitcher. Despite
some initial misgivings, Ellen begins to enjoy her role. Despite
tearing up the floor in an effort to find and kill the beetle,
Michael is killed by a truck during his early morning routine of
taking apples to the local farmers market. Despite the age
difference, romance soon blossoms between Michael and Lucia, and
he decides to stay in Italy. Despite the approach of the end of
the semester, Matthew isn't deterred. Despite the bad outing,
Hugh Alexander (John McGinley) the scout for the Philadelphia
Phillies is still interested in Ryan. Despite the chaotic events
leading up to it, Michelle and Jim get married. Despite the
circumstances of their meeting, the pair become friends and Sasha
seeks Nicole's help in pursuing his love interest, Bendetta
(Crescentini). Despite the embarrassing misconceptions, Oscar
forms a close bond with Amy as they continue to spend time
together-to the extent that Amy moves in with him after she is
kicked out of her apartment. Despite the fact that Peter has no
experience or skill as an actor, the director casts Peter
background character. Despite the fact that he was in love with
his girlfriend, Amy, his neurosis about her adventurous sexual
past caused him to sabotage the relationship and leave her.
Despite the fact that his blind date is a nightmare, he finds
that he is more interested in the waitress — Grace, who is also
the granddaughter of the restaurant's owner, Marty O'Reilly
(Carroll O'Connor). Despite the fact that she has not reconciled
with Frank, Laura continues to plan her wedding. Despite the
fight, Tess asks Jane to make a slideshow for her engagement
party. Despite the genuine apology and assurance by himself and
Lorne that he has changed for the better, the board is still
unimpressed due to the Juwanna scandal, and it first appears that
Jamal's playing career is truly done for. Despite the odds, the
team begins to play together and they make ground against the
Dragons. Despite the range of increasingly powerful cultural
incentives to sex and orgasm surrounding Matt—scantily-dressed
women, billboards, et cetera—Matt's commitment holds, and begins
to frustrate a lot of the people around him who had fully
expected him to break it long before he could get close to his
goal. Despite the seemingly wide differences between their lives
and personalities, the two fall in love. Despite the strong
objections of head writer Rose Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) and
Celeste herself, the scene plays out, but is interrupted by
Celeste's recognition of Lori as her real-life niece. Despite the
stupidity of his captors, Dick is soon discovered and forced down
a garbage chute to the sewers. Despite the warnings of
accordionist and assistant band leader Fred Ayres (Astaire),
Roger is attracted to the beautiful and flirtatious Belinha
(Dolores del Río) in the audience. Despite their antagonism, Kate
finds herself attracted to Garfield's bold nature. Despite their
best efforts, they are thousands short. Despite their
differences, they still choose to love each other and they get
married in the end. Despite their earlier agreement, Deb takes a
detour to visit to Ruby, who is now a zombie. Despite their
frequent clashes and Paula's ungrateful attitude to Elliot
helping her, the two fall in love and sleep together. Despite
their inability to communicate, they become attracted to each
other. Despite their insistence that they would not let sex with
each other affect their friendship, Zack and Miri soon develop
romantic feelings for each other. Despite their mutual hostility
toward each other, Tony offers to sail her to the wedding in
Westport, giving them enough time to get her father sober.
Despite their revelations, they continue to get on each other's
nerves. Despite their wanting to move into Windy Corner after the
death of Mrs Honeychurch, Freddy sold the house to support his
family as he was "an unsuccessful but prolific doctor". Despite
these dangers, Martin remains distracted by his desire to woo
Debi and fails to open the background dossier on his prospective
target. Despite these reversals, Finnegan retains his optimism:
he knows human beings begin again, and again. Despite this
"confession", he eventually realizes who he really loves, tosses
the protesting Nora over his shoulder and carries her away to get
married. Despite this discovery, Cady decides to forgo Janis's
scheme for ethical reasons. Despite this setback, Sally agrees to
go out with Buster, after her Sunday date cancels. Despite this
she manages to sneak away and come to the opening of Bill's new
diner. Despite this they continue their optimism, hosting a
variety act at an airport lounge. Despite this, Adam makes
numerous attempts to reconcile with her, including refusing to
film the new sitcom he has been offered to take part in until she
is named a co-producer. Despite this, Brad marries her again.
Despite this, Harold writes a "how to" book for young men
entitled "The Secret of Making Love", detailing how to woo
different types of young women, such as "the vampire" and "the
flapper" (in scenes that parodied two other popular films of the
time, Trifling Women and Flaming Youth), and takes a train to see
a publisher in Los Angeles. Despite this, Penelope enters the
museum and steals the book. Despite this, Viktor heads off to
Customs with renewed hope of going to New York, only to find that
Dixon must sign the visa. Despite this, he insists on remaining a
servant as well. Despite this, he nevertheless finds it
increasingly difficult to juggle bringing up the baby with his
high-powered job, and though both sets of the child's
grandparents lend a hand (along with William (Ian McKellen), a
dried out ex-alcoholic who, once sober, proves to be a remarkably
efficient babysitter and housekeeper), he needs more help.
Despite what Rick had put Karen through, she apparently decided
to take him back. Despondent at letting his now-angry followers
down, Willoughby plans to commit suicide by jumping from the roof
of the City Hall on Christmas Eve, as indicated in the original
John Doe letter. Despondent over the break-up, Ashley turns to
Dan for solace, but is further distraught when Dan reveals that
he's not gay and has secretly been in love with her for years.
Despondent, Lucia has a one-night stand with Sheriff Carl Tippett
(Lyle Lovett) who had previously made unsuccessful romantic
overtures to her. Despondent, he goes to a travel agency to
purchase a ticket anywhere he can go for £99, which proves to be
Reykjavík. Destiny. Detective Charles Rutledge (John Ritter)
falls in love with Dolores Martin (Dorothy Stratten), whose
husband has also hired him to spy on her. Detective John Russo
(Ben Gazzara) attempts to cheat on his girlfriend, country singer
Christy Miller (Colleen Camp), with a blonde taxi driver he calls
Sam (Patti Hansen), with the connivance of his colleague Arthur
Brodsky (Blaine Novak). Determined to await his friends, he
begins to sing to himself. Determined to be rid of Buddy
permanently, and despite of Jason warning him of potentially
catastrophic consequences for his health, Sherman extracts the
gene with from inside his body. Determined to better herself,
Maisie Ravier (Ann Sothern) graduates from the Benson Business
School in Los Angeles, but has to fend off the advances of mr
Benson (John Eldredge). Determined to change so that he can win
Rachel back, Jordan first seeks advice from his lady-killer
friend Dandak (Sahay), who advises him to try attending a strip
club. Determined to derail the budding romance, Mike has one of
his construction companies offer Jim a great job in Bolivia, but
Jim turns it down to pursue his dream. Determined to fulfill his
promise to accompany David home, Charlie approaches Red, who
presses him to give him the horn. Determined to get a message to
the blonde girl, Curt drives to the local radio station to ask DJ
Wolfman Jack, who is omnipresent on the car radios, to announce a
message for the blonde girl. Determined to make him fulfill his
commitment, Cynthia pursues him in her private plane, but he
refuses to return with her, despite the efforts of her Uncle Bob
and his valet Botts to convince him otherwise. Determined to
makes amends with Duke, "Sebastian" explains that he is actually
Viola. Determined to prove her strict professionalism, she starts
second guessing Vincent's interest in her. Determined to remain
civilized at all times, the Earl pretends not to know that his
wife has begun having an affair with Delacro at his London hotel,
or that her new mink coat is a gift from her lover. Determined to
return to Washington, she falls in with a rowdy soldier (Young)
who more-or-less accidentally goes AWOL, crosses the border in a
stolen military vehicle, and kidnaps an easy-going traveler
(Edwards) to hide in his homemade trailer. Determined to win the
doctor, Epifania buys the property surrounding his clinic and
then erects a new, modern facility. Determined, Gladys obtains an
interview with a busy man conducting a telephone conversation,
who brusquely tells her the sign is available, demands to know
"whom she represents," and says "I'm really too busy for this
sort of thing". Determined, but still afraid, Anne Marie returns
to the water. Determines to prove to himself that he is
anesthetized from women, he kisses the doctor. Deuce Bigalow, an
insecure fishtank cleaner (aquarist), is fired for cleaning the
tank at a public aquarium in the nude. Deuce accidentally sets
Antoine's kitchen on fire when trying to make a grilled cheese
sandwich in the toaster, and breaks an expensive fish tank. Deuce
buys a replacement fish and returns to Antoine's house just in
time. Deuce decides to make the clients feel better about
themselves, since he only desires to have sex with beautiful
women. Deuce eventually helps Fowler please his wife by stripping
and erotically dancing for her, and the two make amends. Deuce is
still taken into custody on prostitution charges, as Fowler needs
someone to bring in and Deuce's own refusal to betray his
newfound friend,J. Deuce is unsuccessful in attracting women, so
he attempts to keep himself busy at work. Deuce meets unusual
clients but he still manages to get along with them, despite
there being no sex involved, by helping them with certain issues
in their lives. Deuce then reveals his prostituting adventures to
the bemused and furious Antoine. Deuce's list of clients
gradually increases, with each client being satisfied by much
more fulfilling measures due to his evasion of sex with them.
Devastated by these news just leaves Bill a note and leaves the
opening without meeting him. Devastated over the breakup, Lloyd
seeks advice from Corey, who tells him to "be a man". Devastated,
Harriet withdraws to her apartment. Devastated, and unable to
banish his grief through one-night stands, Peter takes a trip to
Hawaii. Devastated, he attempts to express his feelings to her
with a heartfelt letter. Devastated, he loafs around, until Cindy
tells him that she is leaving for Brazil with another man.
Devastated, she wrote him a letter ending the marriage and went
to New York for work. Devlin confesses that she is divorcing Ian
because he is gay and also that he did not invent the iPod, but
made his money by suing the Los Angeles Dodgers after getting hit
by a foul ball. Devon enters the room, but surprisingly she is
accompanied by Kelsey, coming to win Quinn back. Devon gets
angry, says they need time separately to figure things out and
maybe he should be with other girls, so it won't plague him that
he only slept with her. Devon surprises him at his new work and
he proposes in his car. Dewey. Dewey. Dex (Logue) is an unlikely
Lothario - an overweight, thirtysomething part-time kindergarten
teacher - who has developed an effective method for seducing
women. Dex finally realizes that he needs to make changes in his
life. Dexter will prove crucial to uncovering the disturbing
truth behind the mysterious death. Diamond argues that Daniel
should move onto the next phase. Diamond informs Daniel that she
is known as "the Dragon Lady". Diana catches his eye while she
tries to convince him to stop grieving and move on with life
because Sophie would want it. Diane accompanies Lloyd to a party,
surprising their classmates. Diane confesses to Larry that the
news story was faked by her mother. Diane has had a sheltered
academic upbringing and lives with her doting divorced father
Jim, who owns the retirement home where she works. Diane takes
Lloyd to meet the residents of the retirement home and he teaches
her to drive her stickshift car. Diane tells Lloyd she wants to
stop seeing him and concentrate on her studies. Diane's
supervisor then convinces her to give Mike a ride back to his
apartment, convinced his leg is injured. Dianne accidentally
calls Terry "Phil" in the course of conversation. Dianne and
Terry hear arguing later and think it's Angela and Marcus, but it
turns out to be Patricia and Gavin. Dianne decides to give up her
scheme and return home. Dianne insists that Scott take it back,
but agrees to marry him. Diaz, realising that his plan has failed
attempts to flee, but ends up fighting, and being defeated by
Cody in the Queen's gift room, destroying numerous priceless
artifacts in the process. Dick Wallace, portrayed by a 26-year-
old John Wayne, has to prove to the Preacher's daughter, his own
Dad, his old friends, and himself that he isn't just an
irresponsible playboy. Dick and Deborah walk in, and Dick tries
to explain all that has happened. Dick and Ellen embrace. Dick
and Marge get separated on Spengo: Marge is sent to the lap of
luxury, waited on by small people with fish or dog heads, while
Dick is thrown into a dungeon. Dick and Tod clash with swords,
but neither gains the upper hand, as both are clumsy fighters.
Dick attempts to pet the creature, but it immediately reveals its
true carnivorous nature, forcing him to run for his life. Dick
awards the group with the best show and the prize of a vacation.
Dick criticizes Augie for being too serious, compared to his own
lighthearted manner, which, to Augie's dismay, includes perpetual
infidelity. Dick discovers Zack and Benji and mistakes them for
having sex and expels them from the camp. Dick had yet to have
his bandages removed from his eyes and head, so he couldn’t see
Nora. Dick has been engaged to socialite Frances Allenbury (Mary
Stuart) since before he left for the war, but has been expressing
some apprehension about marrying her. Dick is apparently some
sort of auctioneer and Martha is a housewife, who is bored,
cynical and at times openly hostile towards young Jenny. Dick
leaves with Nora while Frances's mother, Harriet, meets with
Richard and agrees to announce their children's engagement,
unbeknownst to Dick. Dick manages to escape the sewers and steal
an escape pod, and winds up crashing miles away in the desert,
where he meets the rightful king's son, Sirk (Dwier Brown), and
daughter, Semage (Kathy Ireland), as well as their followers.
Dick surprises her there, and he reminds her of their previous
meeting by giving her a quick kiss, getting his nose twisted as
punishment. Dick's trouble really begins when Ellen unwittingly
takes a bet from mrs Donato on a fixed race, putting Dick in debt
to her for $50,000. Dick, editor of The Townsman magazine,
assures Augie that his publication would gladly hire Augie to
write gags, but Isolde insists that Augie hold out for a more
important offer. Dick, realizing how much he cares, goes back to
find Jo. Didi, Dede and the novice out an incredible and
tumultuous pursuit of the bandits in the hope of recovering the
stolen money. Didi, Dede, Mussum and Zacarias perform a special
show attracting a large audience. Didier then meets Marc and they
realise how much they missed each other from when Marc used to
visit the area in his youth. Diego tells her to accept her
physical deformity as it is to feel accepted. Diego then goes to
the house of Laura (Paz de la Huerta), the woman he has a
fixation on, where she invites him in, but tells him that she
cannot have sex, for she has a bad heart and had surgery where
she carries a large scar on her chest. Differences in opinion
between the couple begin to emerge but Steve agrees with whatever
makes Fran happy. Dike Conger and M/Sgt. Dike is court martialled
but all discover an unsavoury truth. Dill and Mary share a
romantic moment outside, and Connie awkwardly walks in on them.
Dill calls his butler to tell him to pick them up tomorrow
morning, but Connie overhears and sets off for Phoenicia. Dimple
begins to argue loudly with her, and is overheared by Diego Vaz
who was waiting outside the door for Ishika. Dimple realizes she
has been conned, and starts to cry out loud. Dimple sees the news
on TV, and suspects that maybe Deven Shah could be Sunny
similarly a widow named Saira Rashid (Aditi Sharma), explains her
story of being conned the same person in name of Iqbal Khan.
Dimple used to meet her boyfriend, Sunny Singh (Ranveer Singh)
secretly. Dingle arrives, bringing Pendergast as a character
witness. Dingle assures Connie that if she marries Joe, the
crisis will be averted, and they can get a quick annulment
afterwards. Dingle bumps into the couple and pretends he is
meeting Connie for the first time, forcing Joe to do the same.
Dingle calls Joe to meet him for dinner. Dingle engages
Pendergast in talk about his work, eventually maneuvering him up
to his room so that Connie and Joe can be alone together. Dingle
generously rents him half of his half. Dingle happens to meet
Pendergast at a business luncheon and does not like what he sees.
Dingle takes full blame for the incident. Dinner is going well,
if a little awkwardly, until Tiffani inexplicably crashes the
party. Dino seeks shelter at the Belly Button, where Zelda
earlier had gone to drown her sorrows. Directed to an office, she
sees a woman on the phone, assumes she is her new boss, and seats
herself in the typing pool. Diri takes Anthony to the Butt
Massage Girl video that Ian is getting a massage in. Dirty
Singles is a feature-length comedy-drama about a community of
friends a few years after university. Dirty Singles is a
naturalistic coming-of-age movie about twenty-somethings
generally—and specifically it’s about young adults who happen to
live in and around Parkdale in Toronto as they take their first
faltering, glorious steps toward maturity. Disappointed by her
dull Valentine's Day blind date, she goes home to sulk in front
of the TV, where, inundated by romantic imagery, she is prompted
to get out of the house. Disaster looms as Danny becomes overdue
on a flight after Rick has been grounded by government officials.
Discovering a barrel hatch elevator that opens to the outside,
Shaun and Liz escape as the wounded Ed volunteers to stay behind
with the rifle. Discovering a long forgotten bootlegger's tunnel
which runs from the very same bank to a theater across the
alleyway, he convinces the reluctant Max to file for his long
overdue parole – to help stage a robbery of the bank. Discovering
his identity, Milady attempts to kill him but d'Artagnan eludes
her. Discovering she is in need of employment, he offers her a
job in his office as an executive secretary. Discovering that Lee
is a fellow Hoosier, (a native of Indiana), and that she has
nowhere to spend Christmas, Jack offers to drop her off at her
mother's house on his way to visit his own family. Discovering
that neither of the girls can drive they leave the car and head
back to the apartment. Discovering the note, Niles calls the
police who attempt to arrest Larry for Leo's murder. Disgruntled
at his treatment, O'Connor angrily derides the Navy and finds
himself ostracized by his fellow sailors. Disguised as a gypsy,
Mario returns to the castle but runs off when soldiers come to
investigate. Disguised as an inmate of the harem, George nearly
wrecks the place while he rescues her. Disguised as dancers, they
accidentally run into Jagged's dressing room. Disguised as women
and renaming themselves Josephine and Daphne, they board a train
with the band and their male manager, Bienstock. Disguising his
voice to resemble his uncle's, Willoughby directs Loostgarten to
demolish Hawk's own house. Disgusted at her failure to assist
Leila, Bab retires, not knowing that she saved her sister from
the hands of a fortune hunter. Disgusted by Scott's behavior
during dinner, Tom reluctantly follows through with the plan to
drive Julie home separating from Scott and Cynthia. Disgusted by
his lack of restraint, Alicia demands that he leave. Disgusted by
the whole business, she quits. Disgusted with the dishonesty,
Maya dumps Miles and later tells Stephanie who, furious and
devastated to learn she's been used, hits Jack repeatedly and
breaks his nose using her motorcycle helmet. Disgusted, Celeste
storms off, leaving the situation between her and Jeffrey even
worse than before. Disgusted, Paige walks away and goes to find
Eddie, only to find him drunk. Disillusioned, she returns to
Katharine's apartment and begins her transformation. Dismayed,
Irene impulsively announces her engagement to the surprised
Charlie Van Rumple (Grady Sutton), but she soon breaks down in
tears and flees after being congratulated by Godfrey. Dismayed,
he goes to a bar where his friend, Sammy (Allen Covert), says
that guys who refuse to settle down get forgotten, using the
example of once-popular TV shows featuring single swinging guys
that got cancelled due to the same old schtick, which inspires
him to proceed to the Sullivan house to tell Julia how he feels.
Displeased with the arrangement, a volcano god initiates a
massive eruption. Distinguished philosopher Leopold (Ferrer) and
his much younger fiancée, Ariel (Farrow), are going to spend a
weekend in the country with Leopold's cousin Adrian (Steenburgen)
and her crackpot inventor husband Andrew (Allen). Distracted by
taking her antidepressants, Nicole (Sanchez-Gijon) causes an
accident with Sasha (Muccino), who's just left a communal home
for the families of drug addicts. Distracted, he bumps into the
back of a florist's van, damaging his stock. Distraught over
losing Ariel, John heads to the lake for his father's advice, but
finds him dead. Distraught that he was not seeing the "real"
Rosemary, Hal accepts a dinner invitation from his neighbor,
Jill. Distraught, Blankman swears revenge. Distraught, Diane
reconciles with Lloyd at the gym where he trains. Distraught,
Helen runs off and falls down Lydia's staircase. Distraught,
Laurie grips Steve tightly and begs him not to leave her.
Distraught, Meredith attempts to drive off but crashes the car,
and Everett's brother Ben (Luke Wilson) comes to comfort her.
Distraught, Ruth and Barry, don’t know how they are going to
finish the song in order to pitch it to Kemple and Klucke.
Distraught, Sam follows Jonah and finds him on the observation
deck. Distraught, he retreats to a bar, drinking away his misery.
Disturbed, Phoebe brushes him off and pushes him away. Divorce
barrister Logan (Kendall) arrives back in London from a trip
overseas to find the whole city fogbound. Divorced American
Harvey Shine writes jingles for television commercials, a job not
in keeping with his dream of being a jazz pianist and composer.
Divorced and depressed, a haggard-looking Charley is found by his
friends quite a bit later at a nightclub, where he tells them he
has recently gone into a promising new line of work: computers.
Divorced, he avoids human contact except for his friends (Michael
McKean, Adam Brooks, Lyle Kanouse) and students, patronising
everyone he meets for not matching him intellectually. Dixie and
Eddie appear to spend the night together. Dixie and Eddie manage
to seek shelter, but Danny is killed right in front of them,
which they both mourn. Dixie cares for a wounded soldier but
cannot save him: he is pronounced dead on arrival at the field
hospital. Dixie comes on stage and makes some cynical remarks
about the soldiers, then sings “In My Life”. Dixie doesn't care
for him much either, but fellow entertainers and her joke-writer
uncle (Segal) persuade her to stay. Dixie eventually agrees to
perform there for Christmas with Eddie. Dixie has not forgiven
Eddie for his part in all this, and they have another heated
argument in the dressing room. Dixie is an instant hit with the
boys in uniform, but Eddie wants her gone, ostensibly because he
finds her kind of humor too coarse, but really because she stole
the show by topping his jokes. Dixie's story begins during World
War II when she receives an offer to entertain the troops
overseas as part of Eddie's act. Dixon, shocked by this, attempts
to stop Viktor leaving as he receives gifts from employees for
his trip into the city, but is thwarted by his Custom agents, who
allow him to leave. Dixon, who wants him to illegally attempt to
enter the country so he can deport him, decides to try finding
ways to make it difficult for him to survive in the terminal,
slowly becoming obsessed in doing so. Do I ice her. Doc arranges
a handover, his only condition being that Coy is released from
all of his obligations and allowed to return to his family. Doc
bemoans the fact that while his clinic is facing financial ruin,
Peter has just come into a fortune of his own, but also deduces
that Christy is in love with Peter. Doc finds Coy in a nightclub,
but upon hearing that Doc is investigating Mickey, Coy tells Doc
about the Golden Fang, an old schooner suspected of bringing
mysterious goods into port, and upon which both Mickey and Shasta
are rumoured to have departed. Doc is handcuffed and about to be
given a lethal drug overdose, but escapes and kills both Puck and
Adrian. Doc is then told that the attack during which Glen
Charlock was shot was carried out by a group of vigilantes who
are said to do dirty work for the LAPD. Doc learns that Coy has
been working for the government as an informer and agent
provocateur, but is allowed no contact with his family. Doc pays
a visit to the HQ of Golden Fang Enterprises where he meets
Japonica Fenway, a young runaway whom Doc had returned to her
wealthy parents on a previous occasion. Doc performs a in order
to hide the drugs and is later contacted by Crocker Fenway
(father of Japonica) who acts as an intermediary for the Golden
Fang. Doc refuses to be part of the wedding, and a bewildered
Christy inadvertently gives the impression that she is Peter's
girl friend, whom he has abandoned for June. Doc talks with
Christy, who explains everything, and confirms the truth with her
boss. Doc then discovers links between Puck Beaverton and a
notorious loan shark named Adrian Prussia. Doc visits Adrian, who
claims that he is behind the Golden Fang organization, while Puck
contends that Glen was killed deliberately because he was
supplying black-power groups with weapons. Doc visits one of
Mickey's developments but is knocked unconscious, and awakes to
find himself being questioned by his old LAPD nemesis, Det. Doc
visits the Institute, where he again encounters Coy Harlingen,
and deduces that Mickey has been apprehended by persons unknown.
Doc visits the site and encounters Riggs Warbling, architect of
the housing project, who fears that Mickey has been
"reprogrammed" and that the development, already abandoned, will
be destroyed. Doc, however, persuades June that Peter was just
following Doc's therapy. Dockweiler Droop (Robert Woolsey) is a
carnival charlatan, scamming local shills out of their hard
earned money. Dockweiler agrees, and the two leave the carnival.
Dockweiler understands that he will never fit in with the local
gentry, so, now assured of Rosie's happiness with Billy, bids
them adieu and departs. Doctor Burke (Leslie Phillips) becomes a
stowaway by mistake when chasing his girlfriend (Angela Scoular)
onto the ship to propose to her. Dodd convinces the initially
hostile workers into rallying behind him to finish the film.
Dodds) tells him she is leaving him for an aerobics instructor.
Dodge Petersen (Steve Carell) and his wife Linda (Nancy Carell)
listen to the broadcast from the side of the road. Dodge and
Carter part on good terms once again. Dodge and Penny abandon the
self-centered Owen amidst the rioters, with Dodge explaining to
Penny that he knows someone who could fly her to England if she
helps him find Olivia. Dodge and Penny walk up toward the door of
the home, but find no one home and spend the day together, during
which they realize mutual affection. Dodge argues that America
"needs" heroes and it is implied the true story will not be told.
Dodge claims that they are just outside the door, ready to
congratulate him for his heroic actions. Dodge decides football
should be played without rules. Dodge distracts her by asking her
to tell him of her childhood. Dodge hesitantly attends the wild
party of his neighbors, Warren (Rob Corddry) and his wife Diane
(Connie Britton), where he declines offers of sex and drugs and
listens to a philosophical rant from his drunken friend Roache
(Patton Oswalt). Dodge is determined to save both his team and
pro football in general when the players lose their sponsor and
the league is on the brink of collapse. Dodge is warned that if
he pulls any old tricks to win the next game, he will lose his
place in the league. Dodge plays in one last game. Dodge replies
that there never would have been enough time together, and
professes his love for her. Dodge returns to his apartment with
Sorry; they soon enter Penny's apartment, where Dodge sets a
record in her turntable and listens until the power dies. Dodge
shortly returns home to reminisce about his high school
sweetheart, Olivia, when he notices his neighbor Penny (Keira
Knightley) crying on the fire escape. Dodge storms off into the
night, guzzling codeine-laced cough syrup and window cleaner in a
suicide attempt. Dodge takes Sorry home, opens the old mail, and
is surprised to discover a three-month-old letter from Olivia,
which explains that he was "the love of her life". Dodge's
attempts to legitimize pro football take a life of its own. Dodie
lives with her parents and dreams of marrying a millionaire. Dodo
Doubleday has been inexplicably reduced from first sergeant to
staff sergeant and has resumed being orderly to his regimental
commander Colonel Barkley. Dodo's former comrade in arms Charlie
Cobb is also a buck sergeant. Doing so, Orville gets lost in
emotion, as does Polly, who has fallen a little for the dream of
a domestic life that she doesn't have. Doll Face agrees on the
condition she is allowed to dedicate the book to Mike with "For
the love of Mike". Doll Face releases her book The Genius DeMilo
and when Mike sees she dedicated the book to Frederick instead of
him, he regrets leaving her. Doll Face, however, decides to go
through with it and goes to Jamaica with Frederick for some final
touch-ups. Dolly "Angel Face" Morgan is a parolee out to fleece
any wealthy man who is taken in by her looks. Dolly and Steve
take the train south to his home town of Winthrop, Alabama. Dolly
decides to leave him, whereupon he destroys her harp. Dolly has
discovered his affair with the family's governess, and the
household and family are in turmoil. Dolly has grown fond of
Steve, but cannot hide her disappointment from him. Dolly is
moved by Anna's speeches and decides to forgive Stiva. Dolly is
taken to prison. Dolly notices Anna's anxious behaviour and her
uncomfortable flirtations with Veslovsky. Dolly speaks to Kitty
and understands she is suffering because of Vronsky and Levin,
whom she cares for and had hurt in vain. Dolly tells them that
she has fallen for a poor man, but they do not believe her.
Dolly, her mother the Princess Scherbatskaya, and Dolly's
children spend the summer with Levin and Kitty. Dolores does fall
for Charles and they plan to marry when her divorce is final, the
only happy ending. Dolores intercedes on Johnny's behalf, and her
pleas have their desired effect. Dolores leaves with Tostado,
heading for his ranch. Dolores, the Sheriff’s daughter, talks to
Gus, her ex, who tries to woo her, failing. Dolph is made to
leave and Clayton is punished by being forced into isolation.
Dominic (Michael Ealy) and Lauren (Taraji Henson) are reunited
after spending time away from each other, and they make out in
the limousine. Dominic and Lauren admit that they were considered
for good jobs, but they each turned them down so they could be
together. Dominic is then pulled aside by a chef who offers him a
position there in Vegas, which could possibly jumpstart his
career. Dominic, acting on his own, wants Charley out of the way
and hires someone to do the hit, not knowing that he has just
given the job to Charley's own wife. Dominique warns Ugo that it
is Arthur who steals books to sell. Don Enrique is against
selling Lucero, but when he realises his daughter is in love with
Tim, he offers him the racehorse on the condition that he
immediately returns to the USA. Don Lockwood (Gene Kelly) is a
popular silent film star with humble roots as a singer, dancer,
and stuntman. Don Phelan, the ace newsreel reporter, falls in
love with Wilma Howell, the daughter of the owner of another
newsreel company that is a bitter rival of the one Don Works for.
Don Webb (Robert Stack) is her boyfriend, an avid car buff. Don
Wilson, a famous blackface comedian, is preparing to headline a
new show. Don and Ellie Griffin were a New England couple married
for twenty years before they divorced. Don and Ellie, meanwhile,
end up having sex after Ellie, still pretending to be Don's wife,
sleeps in Don's room. Don and Prudence leave in a horse-drawn
carriage and kiss in the darkness, arriving home at 3 AM. Don
barely tolerates his vain, cunning, and shallow leading lady,
Lina Lamont (Jean Hagen), though their studio, Monumental
Pictures, links them romantically to increase their popularity.
Don decides the thing to do is to get married for real, much to
Jean's delight. Don finally finds Kathy working in another
Monumental Pictures production. Don had decided that he loved
Prudence, but then he received an urgent telegram to rescue Lyda.
Don happens upon a ramshackle traveling theatrical stock company
run by Jasper Bolivar and his daughter Ginger. Don has Wingate
stipulate that the entire cast be included, so Ginger reluctantly
rehires him. Don heads back to Rome. Don is a confidant of
Roberto and discusses his troubled relationship with Lyda, an
artist staying in Italy with financial support from her wealthy
father. Don is smitten with Kathy and searches for her for weeks.
Don is summoned to a fancy hotel where Lyda confesses she has
married a possessive rich older man, Bentley, and needs Don to
free her from her palatial prison. Don lends Jane the car to take
Richard to the train station, but she decides to stop being a
"nice girl" and drives him to New York. Don makes up a song and
starts to sing "Butterflies are free" on his guitar. Don moves
out into an apartment on his own, but Don finds himself all
alone. Don realizes that Lyda is just using him, that she does
not love him or even care about him. Don surprises Bebe by
proposing to her, and they get married on the spot. Don's friends
attend the show and laugh, particularly at his hijinks. Don's
mother also arrives for a visit unexpectedly early. Don, Kathy
and Cosmo come up with the idea to turn The Duelling Cavalier
into a musical called The Dancing Cavalier, complete with a
modern musical number called "Broadway Melody". Donald Morton
(Josh Hartnett) is a taxi driver and drives two Japanese
passengers and his pet cockatiel around Spokane, Washington.
Donald declares his love for her and proposes marriage to her.
Donald dresses as a whale but is hesitant about going and leaves
Isabelle, dressed as Mozart, waiting. Donald explodes, but when
Isabelle says that they are both crazy, he retaliates by telling
her that she is crazier, which leads to her throwing him out.
Donald hides and is eventually thrown off the carriage, and Goofy
is easily defeated, leaving Mickey to fight the intruders. Donald
invites Isabelle to a restaurant, where he proposes to her, much
to Isabelle's dismay. Donald returns just in time to take her to
the hospital, where Isabelle's psychiatrist advises him to leave
her alone, testing his willpower to refrain from calling her.
Donald returns to the castle and tells the whole story to Mickey
(who doesn't believe him at first) before running off in fear,
leaving Mickey by himself. Donald sees Isabelle leaving the
university and follows her to the abandoned rooftop, where he
expresses that the only nice thing he had left to give her was
not to call, to find that Isabelle was waiting for his call and
she missed him. Donald tells Isabelle that he wants everything to
be nice for when his boss, Wallace (Gary Cole) comes for dinner.
Donald tells his story to the men about his ability to do complex
sums but couldn't make friends. Donald, driven to insanity by
starvation, attempts to kill their pet cow with an axe, but is
stopped by the combined efforts of Mickey and Goofy. Donna Jensen
is a girl from a small town in Nevada who wishes to see the world
in order to get away from her unhappy life of living in a trailer
with her alcoholic mother, a former Las Vegas showgirl, and her
abusive, alcoholic stepfather, where she feels miserable and
lonely. Donna and Max have an instant connection and they end up
having sex. Donna finally confides to 'Fearless' that despite her
feelings for Chuck, her heart belongs to another. Donna gave up
the rich boyfriend because she's in love with Chuck. Donna gets
the chance to re-take her exam and achieves a perfect score,
resulting in being assigned a Paris, First Class, International
route. Donna knows from previous experience that Christine has
the airplane soap from Sally's house during their training
sessions, but is still shocked when Christine empties her handbag
to reveal all manner of Royalty Air items. Donna reveals to Julia
about the seven thousand Chuck and 'Fearless' have and how she
has convinced them to take her and Julia on a safari across the
country, not telling them it's to see Donna's wealthy boyfriend.
Donna tailspins into a wave of depression and later drunkenly
delivers a terrible set in which she insults her ex-boyfriend.
Donna then runs into Max when he stops by her mother's apartment
to return a book to her mother, Nancy (Polly Draper), who is a
former professor of his. Donna visits a Planned Parenthood clinic
to schedule an abortion and discovers the only dates available
are her mother's birthday and Valentine's Day; she picks
Valentine's Day. Donovan Donaly (Geoffrey Rush) a TV soap opera
producer, surprises his wife Bonnie (Stacey Travis) being
intimate with an ex-boyfriend. Donovan has given the bar to his
old shipmate as a wedding present. Donovan is greeted by William
"Doc" Dedham (Jack Warden), also aS. Donovan is to pretend to be
the father of Doc's three children (Leilani, Sarah and Luke),
until Doc comes back and can explain things to the prim, proper
Boston lady. Donovan mentions that Luke's mother had died in
childbirth. Donovan points out the new sign on the saloon, which
is now "Gilhooley's Reef". Doolittle and his friends have one
last spree before the wedding ("Get Me to the Church on Time").
Doolittle arrives at Higgins's house the next morning, claiming
that Higgins is compromising Eliza's virtue. Doris Attinger (Judy
Holliday) follows her husband (Tom Ewell) with a gun one day
after suspecting he is having an affair with another woman (Jean
Hagen). Doris Miller (Sally Field) is a shy, eccentric
60-something woman, living alone following the death of her
mother, whom she has lived with for her whole life. Doris
arranges for some tools and clothes to float past Stephen, who is
elated at his "discovery" and quickly builds a house. Doris buys
a CD for the band, which gets John's attention, and attends the
concert, where she meets him and they spend time together. Doris
discovers that there are other people on the island when she
falls prey to a lion trap in the jungle: zany Gracie (Allen) and
scientific husband George (Burns) live on the other side of the
not-so-deserted isle. Doris finds ways to get John's attention,
though the attempts are frequently combined with daydream
fantasies about a passionate love affair between them. Doris
invites her therapist over to declutter her house, and she
succeeds getting it cleaned up. Dorky Andy (Jake Mosser),
flamboyant Nico (Jonah Blechman), jock Jarod (Jimmy Clabots), and
nerdy Griff (Aaron Michael Davies) reunite in Fort Lauderdale for
spring break. Dorothy (Dee Hepburn), turns up and, despite the
coach's sexist misgivings, proves to be a very good player.
Dorothy eventually catches on to what her husband is up to and
leaves him. Dorothy goes there and discovers Ellen and Cass,
assuming them to be a young couple. Dorothy's father arrives.
Dorothy's father sees that she is heartbroken without Paul.
Dorsey is forgiven by Nancy, and the two reconcile. Dorsey
listens to Manning's plan, and agrees to head up the bogus
investment company, having become bored with his suburban life.
Dottie feels ashamed of her role in this and confirms on the
stand his assertion that the article was filled with
exaggerations and lies. Dottie hides a tape recorder in her home,
and assigns a photographer to catch Goodwin in compromising
situations. Dottie is accustomed to getting her way and decides
to do something about it. Dottie's attitude is changed. Doug
Dorsey is captain of theS. Doug Harris, a successful tax
attorney, and his fiancee Gretchen Palmer are planning for their
wedding day. Doug asks Jimmy to pull off a "Golden Tux" (seven
groomsmen) to match with Gretchen's bridesmaids, which has never
been done before. Doug asks Shirley to dance with him and the
whole audience joins them on the floor. Doug becomes frantic
searching for a best man, and is referred to Jimmy's company by
his party planner, Edmundo. Doug hatches an idea where Jimmy,
already introduced as a military priest, officiates the nuptials.
Doug meets his groomsmen, whom Doris has given fake identities
based on the last names of famous Los Angeles sports
figures&mdash;Plunkett, Rambis, Garvey, Alzado, Drysdale, Carew,
and Dickerson. Doug overhears and tells Jimmy that he can't go
through with the wedding, but Jimmy dismisses this. Doug pays
Jimmy his $50,000 fee and they accept each other's friendship.
Doug quickly lets her know that he is a confirmed bachelor;
however, he is willing to help the no-nonsense businesswoman land
a spouse. Doug reveals that his father was an international tax
attorney and moved frequently, so Doug never got to make friends.
Doug takes her to a party at Gary's house where Gary gets drunk
and is unable to sing on his radio program. Doug tells Gretchen
that "Bic" flew in from El Salvador for the wedding. Doug tells
Jimmy that he must act as a military priest. Doug's lessons prove
highly effective. Doug, Vicky and Cristina return to America;
Doug never learns what truly happened, Vicky goes back to her
married life, and Cristina is back where she started, but unsure
of what she wants from life or love. Dovi is in love with Avigal,
but she does not encourage him. Down 6-0 early, Gordon laments
that they "need a good lead man". Down on his luck, Nestor
befriends Irma La Douce (Shirley MacLaine), a popular prostitute.
Down to his last ball and risking not only humiliation but also
disqualification, he still goes for the green, and on his 12th
shot, his final shot finally clears the water hazard and
amazingly rolls into the hole. Doña Elena (Blanche Friderici),
Belinha's chaperone, is informed of this, and arranges for Roger
and the band to be fired. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dracula is ineptly
pursued in turn by Sondheim's psychiatrist and quasi-boyfriend
Jeffrey Rosenberg. Drake meets singer Lily Lamont (Grace Bradley)
in a nightclub and makes her speak to mr Cooper (Craig Reynolds),
who acts as if he didn't knew her. Drama Club president Sharpay
Evans (Ashley Tisdale) arrives, assuming that Gabriella is
interested in auditioning. Drastic measures are called for, what
Dottie terms "night maneuvers". Dress up cowboys and try to
escape Didi, scene making huge success with the turning of the
public. Drew Latham is a wealthy advertising executive. Drew and
Alicia make up outside the theater, and the film closes with
everyone eating in the diner where Drew's mother worked. Drew has
his assistant send her a Cartier bracelet to apologize. Drew
promises the Valcos an extra $75,000 if they will play along for
the evening, and they agree to pretend to be his family. Drew
returns to his apartment to spend Christmas alone. Drew takes
Alicia and her brother Brian sledding the next day. Drew's Aunt
Francis (Vanessa Bell Calloway) and her husband, Spencer (Glynn
Turman), are conservatives whose walls are plastered with
pictures of Republican dignitaries such as Barry Goldwater and
Ronald Reagan (who they keep saying will become President
someday). Drew's parents, Kenny (Joe Morton) and Brenda (Suzzanne
Douglass), worry that their son is emotionally disturbed.
Drinking to numb his pain, Sutter passes out on a stranger's
lawn, but is awakened the next morning by Aimee Finicky (Shailene
Woodley), a girl who wears no makeup and reads science fiction
and manga during her free time. Driven by Duncan to company
headquarters, Larry barges into the boardroom, decks Niles and
exposes his scheme just as Leo is about to sign the deal. Driving
home that night, his car breaks down on the freeway. Driving out
west in a 1956 Porsche 356 Speedster, Stone swerves to miss a cow
on the highway and crashes uncontrollably into the fence of a
local resident in the rural hamlet of Grady, South Carolina.
Driving the newspaper's car is beautiful photojournalist Maggie
DuBois (Natalie Wood), a vocal suffragette. Dropped off from a
limousine in only his undergarments, Michael dashes into a diner.
Drue Van Allen (Stanwyck) plays the daughter of a general, in
love with a Communist agitator. Dubey (Vijay Raaz), the wedding
planner, falls in love with Alice, the Vermas' servant. Duchess
and the kittens return to Madame's mansion, but Edgar places them
in a sack and prepares to ship them to Timbuktu; whereupon they
direct Roquefort to retrieve O'Malley. Duckie comes in and asks
Andie to go out with him, but she ignores him. Duckie concedes
that Blane is not like the other rich kids at school and advises
Andie to go after him, joking that he'll never take her to
another prom if she doesn't. Duckie overhears Steff and attacks
him in the hallway. Duckie storms off and Andie goes on with her
date. Duckie then sees a girl smiling at him, telling him to come
over and dance with her. Dudley accompanies the couple to their
hotel, where he tries to steal the magnum, but is unsuccessful in
his efforts. Dudley and Julia go ice skating, and then later
spend an evening in the jazz club where Julia once performed.
Dudley heads to a liquor store and finds the last magnum of
French champagne in the city—champagne having become rare during
the war. Dudley indicates a willingness to stay, but Julia,
sensing what he means, tells Dudley it is time for him to leave.
Dudley observes from the street, satisfied that his work is done.
Dudley persuades the wealthy parishioners, particularly widowed
Agnes Hamilton (Gladys Cooper), to contribute needed funds, but
not to build the cathedral. Dudley reminds the bishop he prayed
for guidance, not a building. Dudley tells Henry that he is an
angel sent by God to help him, but Henry is deeply suspicious of
Dudley. Dudley tells the bishop it is rare for an angel to envy a
mortal. Dudley then erases all memories of himself from everyone
he has met, and although he attends midnight service on Christmas
Eve, no one recognizes him. Dudley turns his attention to
Hamilton, and manages to disrupt Hamilton's schemes to get Henry
to sell the church. Due to Dockweiler's sales skills, he saves
the store from failure. Due to Stan's remark that the twins are
not his, Zoe believes that he is not ready to become a father to
them, and breaks off the relationship. Due to a misunderstanding,
they don't use protection: Alison uses the phrase "Just do it
already" to encourage Ben to put the condom on, but he
misinterprets this to mean to dispense with using one. Due to a
previous conviction, Charles would spend at least 25 years
&mdash; basically, the rest of his life &mdash; in prison,
whereas George would only do three years at most. Due to a
supposed glitch in the computer navigation system, NASA looks for
the original programmer of the software to see why the software
seems to be broken. Due to a telephone glitch, our hero calls her
at a phone booth trying to dial a "talk line" and invites her to
his place. Due to continually seeing Freddie and Maura, Sophie
believes her suspicions of an affair to be true and flees the
wedding. Due to her incredibly powerful and versatile voice,
Agnes is asked to sing the parts from the background, unbeknownst
to Christine or the audience. Due to his inability to communicate
in proper English, the airport's branch of the US Customs and
Border Protection seize both his passport and airline ticket,
whereupon its temporary director, Frank Dixon, makes him stay in
the terminal he came through. Due to his lack of social skills,
Jeff realizes that the lack of human contact will not be a
hardship for him. Due to last night's ordeal, Imogen keeps him
company and the two form a bond. Due to the budget cuts Malone
had instated, there had been no station agent at Marshalltown to
receive Jane's lobsters. Due to the lack of other options he
eventually decides to lose his memory and get "amnesia" again.
Due to the tank winning the competition, Army Headquarters orders
that Captain Dike Conger take over the command of the 31st
Cavalry from the kindly old Colonel Armstrong. Due to this
invitation, what was intended to be a sit-down steak dinner for
two turns into a meet-the-in-laws dinner party. Due to this, he
blames himself for her death. Duffy (Christopher Mintz-Plasse),
an ex-boyfriend of Wendy's, comes over to comfort her and the two
hookup. Duffy agrees, but after unsuccessful attempts, Duffy
encourages her to focus on her career and come back to the child
issue later. Duffy discovers that Meg has adopted a baby boy.
Duffy is happy to father a child, but uncomfortable with how fast
this relationship is progressing. Duffy travels to Arizona to
speak at a Delta Gamma sorority convention. Duflot pays a
vineyard inspector to tell Max that the soil is bad and the vines
worthless. Duke and Chester are at first shocked to be on a date
with the same woman, but the night is cut short when the real
McGurk and Sperry burst into the hotel. Duke and Chester are
confronted by the real McGurk and Sperry and they realize the
girls had stolen the map. Duke and Chester are forced to flee the
angry mob. Duke and Chester manage to escape by dog sled. Duke
buys her a beer afterward and then Molly brings him luck while
gambling, but his partner Waco warns her that Duke is not the
right guy for her. Duke convinces him to head north to Alaska to
prospect for gold. Duke expresses to "Sebastian" that he might
move on from Olivia as he is starting to like Viola now. Duke is
reduced to a nerve-wracked state—repeating ad slogans over and
over. Duke leaves Michele and drives to the lakeside lodge, where
he finds Jo, embraces her, and convinces her that his kisses are
real. Duke leaves in disgust. Duke resolves to forget Jo and
pursue Michele. Duke reveals his true identity and says he'll
take care of "Sperry" as Kate walks in. Duke soon returns to New
York, rejuvenated by his love for Jo, and organizes a successful
radio ad campaign for her book. Duke understands that Andy is in
need of a date at the dance, so he sets up with a girl named
Coffy Smith (Dorothy Ford), who is a great deal taller than Andy,
making him look ridiculous beside her. Duke, seeing this,
believes his roommate has betrayed him. Duke, still furious at
"Sebastian", refuses to cooperate with him on the field. Duncan
Fletcher (Will Friedle) is an average teenager in search of a
date to his school's spring dance. Duncan advises him to walk
away and start over with the money, but Benjamin decides to use
the money to repair the zoo. Duncan also attempts to escape, but
is tripped by his apparently senile and blind butler, who turns
out to be Emily's handler and is arrested, much to Lady
Kenworth's delight. Duncan and Hallie both manage to return home
safely, but are unhappy as they realize after their first kiss
how much they like each other. Duncan lose the bet and paid off
his friends, since he didn't bring Hallie with him. Duncan takes
the company car anyway and goes to Hallie's to pick her up, only
to end up at the White House. Duncan, not realizing this, asks
her to his school's dance. Dunne was born and raised in Chatham,
Massachusetts and dreams of playing in the major leagues. Dupree
agrees, though Molly is shocked to find them having graphic sex
when she comes home from dinner. Dupree and Carl return to the
house, where Carl and Molly reunite, Carl apologizing, and agree
to work it all out. Dupree apologizes for being disruptive and
agrees to mend his ways. Dupree attempts to sneak back in to
their home to get some of his belongings, but fails and falls off
the roof. Dupree cooks a large dinner for Molly and Carl, though
Carl is late again, so Molly and Dupree start without him. Dupree
eventually finds Carl in the bar, and convinces him to chase
after Molly. Dupree helps Carl break in to mr Thompson's office
and confront him while Dupree himself distracts and evades a
Samoan guard. Dupree reveals that the librarian had just dumped
him. During Andy and Trish's first date, as they are about to
have sex, they are interrupted by Trish's teenage daughter Marla
(Kat Dennings). During Christmas break Anna's father tells her
that Ben resigned from the Secret Service and is working as a
photographer in London. During Joel's memory wipe, Mary discovers
she had previously had an affair with dr Howard Mierzwiak, the
married doctor who heads the company, and had agreed to have this
erased from her memory when dr Mierzwiak's wife found out. During
Lorena's interview, Patricia and Cici arrive but so does the real
Miss Puerto Rico (Nicole Scherzinger), who outs Lorena as an
impostor. During Mia's 21st birthday party, she dances with all
the eligible bachelors in hope of finding a husband. During World
War II, George is ineligible for service because of his bad ear.
During World War II, Princess Maria (Olivia de Havilland) and her
uncle Holman (Charles Coburn), exiles from their (unnamed)
conquered European country, live in New York City. During World
War II, a sailor in New York City who is about to be shipped out
to Europe marries a woman he has just met. During a Christmas
party at the country club, nervous about his personal lot, Daniel
drinks too much to build up his courage to declare his love for
Carla, also telling everyone about their first time making love.
During a camping trip with Syd, Dex suffers chest pains and has
to be taken to the hospital. During a competition where both
Casey and Gen compete, Tina sees that Casey may outrank Gen, and
attempts to sabotage Casey's performance by switching her skates.
During a confrontation with a burly man who reveals himself also
as a Russian defector, Vladimir comes to appreciate his good
fortune of living in the United States. During a couples winter
getaway in Vermont, Ben calls Jason and Julie's thought process
and parenting skills into question. During a date, Kirk suggests
to Molly that she throw a birthday party for Katie (with music
provided by Stainer's Hall & Oates tribute band, "Adult
Education"). During a day of surf and sand Aldous and Peter run
into each other and begin talking. During a dinner at the Court
household, where Lloyd fails to impress Diane's family, Jim is
informed that he is under investigation by the Internal Revenue
Service. During a dinner party given by the Otleys for the
couple, the colonel mentions to Jean the impending court martial
of another lieutenant who lied about being married. During a
double date between Julia and Glenn, and Julia's cousin, Holly
(Christine Taylor), Robbie learns that Glenn frequently cheats on
Julia and does not plan to stop after they get married. During a
drive in the hills to "say goodbye", Merle and Blue stumble on
the cave, where Blue captures the acrobat after Merle once more
becomes "the horizontal lieutenant". During a friendly ice
skating "day date", Chris is taken away in an ambulance after
injuring himself. During a lunch time scuffle Matt accepts a duel
with rival band leader Brandon, wherein the performers show off
their music skills, with Brandon playing the snare drum, and Matt
playing the triangle. During a lunch with Queen Marie, Rodmilla
discovers that Danielle is the Countess that Henry has been
spending time with and tells the Queen that Danielle is engaged.
During a meet and greet reception of school alumni, Todd has his
first "wolf-out" while dancing with a seductive hostess. During a
meeting between Opel and the advertising agency Brainstorm,
Viktor Vogel sneaks in and offers his views on how the agency's
new campaign is boring and lacking in irony. During a meeting
with theS. During a moonlit canoe ride, Chuck proclaims his
feelings and Donna realizes she's starting to fall for him too.
During a near catastrophic skating incident where Bobby saves the
day, she gives in. During a party to celebrate Bruce's promotion,
Susan seduces and kisses him. During a party, where Fran delivers
a musical performance, Susie is surprised by Emilio's interest in
another girl and his lack of attention for her. During a pep
rally, they and the other cheerleaders humiliate Sam in front of
the entire school and expose her identity as well as naming her
an impostor. During a phone call with his agent, Tad insists that
he wants to turn over a new leaf, and will not return to Los
Angeles for a while. During a quick trip to the suburbs for a
dinner with extended family, Hlynur, so comically disturbed by
the mundane family ritual (they actually gather to watch a video
of last year's family dinner), imagines a bloodbath scene killing
everyone at close range with a shotgun. During a school dance,
'Harold' convinces Peggy that Kelton is not right for her, and
she breaks off the engagement. During a self-defense class at the
women's center where Aram plays the perpetrator, Sandy unleashes
an "ocean of anger" on him. During a ship launching, a press
photographer takes Nora's picture, but Connors sees to it that
the camera film is ruined. During a slow-dance with Jake at the
reception, Ally confesses her 'number' to Jake, and Jake,
thinking she's joking expresses disgust at the thought. During a
tearful argument, she tells Holden about her "many" youthful
sexual experimentations. During all this time, Lucky attempts to
win the affections of Rusty. During an acting exercize, the two
emotionally connect. During an exchange program to Oxford
University Anna visits Ben at the opera, where they kiss,
reconcile, and escape on his motorbike. During an important
business conferenceJ. During an interview, Darius learns Belinda
was only friends with Kenneth and that Kenneth had driven into
her then-boyfriend's house, but no one was injured. During an
unsuccessful attempt to come up with words for the song, he
discovers that the woman who is temporarily watering his plants,
Sophie Fisher (Drew Barrymore), has a gift for writing lyrics.
During basketball practice, Troy has trouble focusing because his
thoughts are on Gabriella and the idea that he might enjoy
singing more than basketball ("Get'cha Head in the Game"). During
business school, he and his then-girlfriend are intercepted by
one of her ex-boyfriends with a puppy. During dinner with Scott
and Cynthia, it is apparent that Julie and Scott have more in
common and listen to the same musicians. During dinner, Giulio
delivers a copy of the telegram to the Contessa, who shows it to
Rudi and the others. During dinner, Jeffrey notably says he "will
not be needing college" and plans to pursue being a car salesman
instead. During dinner, he lights up a cigarette, which an
irritated Renata throws into a glass of wine. During family
discussions, Elizabeth adopts an uneasy attitude. During gunnery
practice, O'Conner helps put out a fire in a gun room and
receives the Navy Cross medal, but is still determined to get out
of the Navy. During halftime Tommy performs a spectacular half-
time magic show. During her captivity, she befriends a turtle
named Speed (Steven Wright), a French frog named Jean-Bob (John
Cleese), who dreams of being human, and an Irish puffin (Steve
Vinovich). During her date with Max (Rich Sommer), Celeste runs
into Jesse. During her lunch break, she sees a stranger leaving a
baby on the steps of an orphanage. During her pregnancy, Mollie
and Albert keep their indiscretion secret, under the idea she was
artificially inseminated, and that Albert plans to leave his wife
Beth and their two children to be with her. During her time in
Sun Valley, Christine wins the title of "Duchess of Idaho" in a
dance contest. During her time spent with the Zetas, Shelley
meets and becomes attracted to an intellectual, altruistic guy
named Oliver (Colin Hanks), who works at a retirement home.
During his initial days at the terminal, Viktor encounters and
helps out a flight attendant named Amelia Warren after she slips
on a wet floor and breaks the heel of her shoes, who assumes he
is a contractor of sorts from the pager he was given by Customs
but is surprised by his respectful kindness to her. During his
time in the clinic Pat befriends Danny McDaniels (Chris Tucker),
an easygoing man who is embroiled in a legal dispute with the
clinic on whether or not he is eligible to leave. During his
visit, she receives a letter from her correspondent and reads it
in front of Kralik (who wrote the letter). During its run, the
series had a number of major cast changes, often because of
illness or death of the actors. During labor, Alison apologizes
for doubting Ben's commitment and admits that she never thought
the man who got her pregnant would be the right one for her.
During lunch Alain is designing several gadgets on a table mat
and Manise is drinking coffee, he leaves the bar and says goodbye
to everyone at the bar in a very French fashion which catches
Alain's attention. During lunch one day at his new school, he
meets a girl who says her name is written Sa5m but pronounced
Sam, the 5 is silent (Vanessa Hudgens). During lunch, Amanda
shares with Graham that her parents divorced when she was fifteen
and since then she has been unable to cry. During lunch, Cornelia
has her longstanding boyfriend "Faithful George" (Robert Light)
call Tommy away to the telephone. During lunch, Olivia tells the
sisters that she is moving them to the basement; refusing to be
humiliated in their own home, Nora tells Mary they are moving
out. During one of Rhonda's rehab sessions, Muriel promises that
she will take care of Rhonda and that they will never need to
return to their hometown. During one of the cruise stops,
Georgia's friend, Oscar Farrar (Oscar Levant), comes on board.
During one of their battles, Doris slaps Stephen, who retaliates
by kissing her and gets fired. During one of their biggest cons,
their lives are touched by Georgie (Kate Beckinsale), who needs
money to save the Down's syndrome foundation that her brother
attends. During one particular session, Dashiell is talking about
a character in one of his books, and says that it was based on a
true person. During one radio interview, Jo discusses one of her
recent patients who suffered from a nervous breakdown brought on
by a failed relationship. During rehearsals for the Hotel's
opening (a brief bit of Astaire tap), Fred is told by police that
the hotel lacks an entertainment license. During rehearsals,
Chloe stands up against Aubrey's stubbornness. During rehearsals,
Don maintains his disguise by wearing blackface. During that
conversation, Quincy realizes that 'Mary' is actually Nicky.
During that time, Betty has the realization that no man could
ever replace Bradley and even more so when she finds out that
he’s in the hospital. During that time, he comforts her and
insists that Keith was a fool to pick Wendy over her. During that
tour, Fabian gets a little bit to personal so she reminds him
that he has a wife. During the 1994 Northridge earthquake, Hal is
killed when he runs to save Fiona. During the Christmas holiday
season, Greenwich Village witch Gillian Holroyd (Kim Novak), a
free spirit with a penchant for going barefoot, has been unlucky
in love and restless in life. During the First World War, two
American soldiers become trapped in no man's land. During the
Genovian Independence Day parade, Mia sees some boys picking on a
little girl (Abigail Breslin), and abruptly halts the parade to
comfort the girl. During the Great Depression, Godfrey "Smith"
Parke (William Powell) is living alongside other men down on
their luck at a New York City dump on the East River near the
59th Street Bridge. During the Great Depression, Longfellow Deeds
(Gary Cooper), the co-owner of a tallow works, part-time greeting
card poet, and tuba-playing inhabitant of the (fictional) hamlet
of Mandrake Falls, Vermont, inherits 20 million dollars from his
late uncle, Martin Semple. During the Korean War, Italian nurse
Lieutenant Julietta Perodi (Virna Lisi), who has a passion of
everything in "twos", falls in love with two United States Air
Force pilots, Col. During the Pink Ladies' performance in the
talent show ("Girl for All Seasons"), Stephanie enters a
dreamlike fantasy world where she is reunited with her mystery
biker ("(Love Will) Turn Back the Hands of Time"). During the
State dinner and subsequent occasions, the couple fall in love.
During the actual robbery, Eddie uses a gun to try to take all
the money himself, but is overpowered by Max and is left behind
in the vault. During the bachelor party, Sabrina and Jason have a
fight about his mother wanting them to be jumping the broom.
During the ball, several exotic musical numbers are performed.
During the battle, Diri reveals itself to be Steve YouTube, who
tells them that sending the two into YouTube was part of his evil
scheme to keep them in YouTube forever. During the boxing match,
Kewpie is losing the match until he sees that Gloria and Tom are
cuddling together in the audience. During the car trip, Jackie
points out that she never got over the fact that her mother
didn't take her with her when she left her father. During the
ceremony, Lizzie trips onstage and accidentally brings the
curtain down on her fellow graduates; this causes her to be
teased by her ex-best friend, Kate Sanders, and her younger
brother Matt. During the championship game, Scott arrives and
rallies his teammates to play without the wolf in order to win
the game. During the concert, Zooey is left feeling ignored by
Peter and Sydney. During the conversation, Nina offers George a
room in her apartment as she has just heard from his boyfriend,
dr Robert Joley (Tim Daly), that George is looking for somewhere
to live. During the course of four days, the couple learns to
live together while facing the usual daily ups-and-downs. During
the course of the day, Hennessy learns that the princess is
missing, not ill as claimed. During the course of the film, Zach
makes changes to his appearance and demeanor, trying to emulate
the advice he gets from his past girlfriends—most of which is
contradictory. During the course of the night, Mia's tiara falls
off and is caught by a Member of Parliament, Viscount Mabrey
(John Rhys-Davies) who secretly plans to steal Mia's crown.
During the course of their trip, luck seems to want to prevent
them from getting to their destination — from being on the wrong
car of a train to getting caught in various thunderstorms. During
the court proceedings, Nicholas' lawyer displays her letter to
Ivan. During the credits, Fred hosts a barbecue where he pays
Kathy Griffin to be present. During the credits, we see Tipper
and Hater on the day Jack and Joy get married. During the date
Derrick tells Jhnelle that he is not Alonzo Grant and that he
cannot afford the meal, but she says she was planning to pay for
it anyway and laughs, believing Derrick to be kidding. During the
date, Miles gets drunk and telephones Vicki, his ex-wife, after
learning from Jack earlier that day that she has remarried.
During the debut performance, Lilly breaks character and forces
Jason to tell her if she likes him. During the dinner at night,
Pam gives a rude blessing and has a fight with Claudine but this
is stopped by Greg. During the dinner, Monica is completely
unimpressed with Austin, but when she discovers that Alice has
been financially supporting Geoffrey, out of spite she agrees to
marry Austin. During the dinner, chaos unleashes when Hank and
Angie argue about their divorce, which leads to Bo screaming at
them to "just stop fighting". During the divorce deliberation,
Paula reveals that she knows about Raymond's affair with Yolanda,
and that it was in fact a bet between her and Yolanda. During the
divorce proceedings, Lucy moves into an apartment with her Aunt
Patsy (Cecil Cunningham) and becomes engaged to a neighbor,
Oklahoma native Dan Leeson (Ralph Bellamy), while Jerry is seen
on a date with singer Dixie Belle Lee (Joyce Compton). During the
end credits, Lawrence and Janet cradle twin babies: one boy and
one girl. During the end credits, pictures show Dodge and Lexie
getting married, Carter donating $10,000 to the US military and
Carter's former manager with new clients Babe Ruth and Lou
Gehrig. During the end credits, several pictures of the two
families are shown depicting family events, including Isabel's
engagement to Harry (Harry Shum Jr), who is Asian-American.
During the end credits, the main characters are seen dancing to
the outro music as the film ends. During the ensuing chaos, Helen
is captured by Juno and taken with the convoy on the Overseas
Highway. During the ensuing struggle, she hits him on the head
with a hammer, knocking him out, and runs away into the snow-
filled woods. During the evening Zolotov tells stories of Claire
to a friend of his, Bellows, and Charles' brother-in-law hears
them talk. During the exercise, Ava's parents get into an
argument and her father leaves the rope, leaving Betty suspended
in air calling for help. During the film, the relationship
between Melsa and Ames evolves from sharp animosity to love and
marital engagement. During the final months of World War II,
Marion Scott is hitchhiking towards the small town of Plainfield
(a common American town name, although fictional in the context
of this film). During the final quarter, behind by one point,
Scott is fouled by Mick at the buzzer. During the final race,
Bess and Midge learn of their mutual engagement to Herk. During
the first one, Scamp sneaks up on a large, savage street dog
named Reggie, but fails to steal a tin can as Scamp bumps into a
trash can loud enough to awaken Reggie. During the first part of
the film, Grayson sings several numbers and Kelly performs one of
his most famous routines, dancing with a mop as a partner. During
the forbidden drinking and partying on the train, Josephine and
Daphne become intimate friends with Sugar, and have to struggle
to remember that they are supposed to be girls and cannot make a
pass at her. During the free gondola ride, Ben kisses Anna to
hide her from their pursuers. During the game Doug suffers a head
injury which damages his peripheral vision, and he is forced to
retire. During the game, Carrie brags about being with John
Tucker, and the girls learn about his scheme. During the groom's
toast, Gareth dies of a heart attack. During the hearing. During
the intermission the Prince Regent is taken backstage to meet the
cast. During the interview Leo makes several remarks that show
how shallow he finds success. During the interview, it comes down
to Darryl and Scott, Scott is asked the same question he was
asked last night, he answers it correctly, but when asked the
reason, he does not know, Darryl steps in, gives the correct
reason and scores the position of junior analyst at Smythe-Bates.
During the journey Chance bumps into a Boxer called Ashcan and
his Bullmastiff friend Pete. During the late 1930s and early
1940s young Joe (Seth Green) lived in a modest Jewish-American
family in Rockaway Beach. During the meeting, Eliot makes a
string of awkward suggestions, ranging from asking for a "funk"
music theme and "baja cuisine" for their dinner plans. During the
meeting, Guy deliberately fulfils their expectations of him:
speaking in a brash American way, asking for high-fives and
casual fist-bumps, asking Nat to repeat certain words he finds
amusing and doing a crude Austin Powers impression. During the
next four years, after both couples have children, their
marriages suffer. During the night the little boy, Antoine curls
up next to him to and awakens Graham. During the night, her
husband returns from his fishing trip, but Bakey, outside in the
truck, sounds the horn as a warning. During the night, however,
John does a lot of thinking and concludes that he is in love with
Amy, not Tillie, and he doesn't want Bob to pursue her. During
the overnight journey, the two meet and Vronsky confesses his
love. During the party, he tries to seduce her. During the party,
mrs Cheveley, an enemy of Lady Chiltern's from their school days,
attempts to blackmail Sir Robert into supporting a fraudulent
scheme to build a canal in Argentina. During the party, she asks
to talk to John in his bedroom. During the performance Isabella
and Gordo expose Paolo by turning on his microphone, revealing
his real voice. During the performance, as the band is being
visually introduced to the viewing audience, the caption "Careful
girls, he's engaged. During the post-Naked Mile party, Dwight
spots Vicky (Winkler), the girlfriend of Rock (Prentice), the
leader of the midget fraternity, and the two of them head up to
Dwight's room to have sex. During the procedure, Daniel meets and
falls in love with Julia (Meryl Streep), a woman who lived a
seemingly perfect life of courage and generosity, especially
compared to his. During the race Stroker is at odds with himself.
During the reception, Bob is attracted to Maria, but his advances
are rebuffed. During the reception, Jared goes upstairs to talk
to Nuria, who tells him she has decided to no longer follow
Ellie's advice (about not being so available sexually), and they
sleep together. During the reception, Tom sees Julie and gives
her the keys to his car as a belated birthday present for her
trip. During the rescue, Taylor's drinking and drug addiction
returns and his relationship with his wife crumbles, but he
learns a large lesson about life and bonds with Amanda,
entreating her to make some positive choice about her own life.
During the round, Roy needles Simms about "laying up" instead of
having the nerve to take a 230-yard shot over a water hazard.
During the short closing credits, each of the characters come out
and bow down to the camera, and when Jerry Lewis, still
portraying Kelp, comes out and bows, he trips and goes into the
camera, breaking it and causing the picture to go black. During
the show, Brandi recognizes the voices of Brodie andS, and an on-
air argument between the three ensues. During the show, Stacy
comes to the realization that she is not the right one for Derek
and lets him go. During the siege, Martin finally reveals that he
stood Debi up on prom night to enlist in the army to protect her
from his homicidal urges. During the speech, he singles out
several members of the class including the class bully and a
pretty but shallow party girl, and tells his movie-quoting best
friend Rich to admit that he's gay. During the stay at the beach
house, they proceed to start having phone sex to vent some of
their loneliness, which ends up being interrupted by Stifler.
During the stay at the hotel Mama has one of her "attacks" and dr
Harmon (Kenneth Harlan) is called in. During the storm, Reed
sends a carrier pigeon revealing their location to Ainslee.
During the storm, Sharp decides to become Sam's legal guardian,
thus saving Sam from the orphanage, as well as allowing him to
remain on New Penzance Island and maintain contact with Suzy.
During the struggle, however, Paula once again knocks out her ex-
husband. During the summer of 1939, he is languishing in a prison
cell while awaiting execution. During the suspension, he returns
to Paris to see Ellen. During the tests he meets a beautiful
Indian nurse, Leeza (Anjali Jay). During the time Quincy and
Nicky are at the bar, Rita finds out that Philip is planning to
break up with her. During the time period, a divorce in Russia
could only be requested by the innocent party in an affair and
required either that the guilty party confessed—which would ruin
Anna's position in society and bar her from remarrying in the
Orthodox Church—or that the guilty party be discovered in the act
of adultery. During the tour, "That Thing You Do" garners
national radio airplay and becomes a bona-fide hit. During the
trip Jill and Chris go for a long hike in the woods, where they
end up kissing. During the trip he tells Minnie he loves her and
she realizes that she no longer cares for him. During the trip
the relationship between the two deepens significantly. During
the trip to Paris, Samantha accidentally sets her private jet on
fire resulting in an emergency landing in New Jersey, near
Chris's hometown. During the trip, fog rolls in and Peter drives
off the highway onto a beach, where he loses the car keys. During
the two-year span, Gyeon-woo works hard to improve himself,
writing My Sassy Girl movie script after he details their love
affair on the Internet. During the various photo shoots, Jo and
Dick develop feelings for each other and they fall in love.
During the visit, Stiva asks Karenin to grant Anna a divorce
(which would require him to confess to a non-existent affair),
but Karenin's decisions are now governed by a French
"clairvoyant" recommended by Lidia Ivanovna. During the wedding
ceremony, Betty, shaken by Gene's selfless devotion, calls the
wedding off and falls in Gene's arms acknowledging she still love
him too. During the wedding ceremony, a detachment of Spengo's
soldiers go into the desert to finish the rebels, but find their
camp deserted, and one by one they fall victim to one of the
Light Grenades which has been left on Dick's pallet. During the
wedding ceremony, after Aditi and Hemant are wed, Dubey and Alice
get married as well, with the help of the Vermas. During the
wedding, Darla, Jay and Nick are angry, Jay, Rick and Lauren are
drunk, and all three brothers and Lauren show signs of the brawl.
During their attempt at a eulogy, they admit that despite the
fact she lied to them, they both loved her. During their
conversation the old man reveals the secret of the tree, that it
is not the same tree; the original tree had been struck and
killed by lightning a year before and a similar tree had been
planted by a young man so that his special someone would not be
sad. During their first meeting, Shepherd and Wade are
immediately intrigued by each other. During their hearing on
charges of disturbing the peace and assaulting a police officer,
Chappie arrives with money from the sale of their song to pay for
Terry's fine. During their honeymoon they are called away to
Cannes to spend time with their friends. During their meeting for
this deal, mr Najimoto and his partner reveal that they wouldn't
negotiate with anyone in the airline company and substitutes such
as Georgina except for the president and Chief Commercial
Officer. During their time apart, Naomi becomes closer with Robin
and discovers that the mixtape was from Gabriel who reveals that
he's always had a crush on her. During their visit, it is
revealed that Nickie has had a talent for painting, but has
dropped said trait due to his critical attitude towards his own
art. During these 7 days, with many personal and social
activities, Nikhil and Meeta fall in love but Nikhil backs off as
he doesn't want to betray Karishma. During these hectic
proceedings, Janet blurts out that she loves him. During this
conversation it is revealed that the only reason that his
children sang "Les roses blanches" to him is because he sang that
song all the time regardless of the occasion, because it was the
only one he knew. During this conversation, Piper finds out that
Julia is not adopted, and that Noah and his ex-wife are Julia's
birth-parents. During this period Forrest ends up meeting
President Nixon and accidentally reveals the Watergate scandal.
During this period the Colonel's daughter Julie masquerades as a
Southern Belle with no connection with the army to date Dike who
vows to have nothing to do with Army Girls; the daughters of
officers or soldiers. During this period, Jess learns that she is
having a high-risk pregnancy while Milly learns that while her
breast cancer is in remission she also has fatal malignant
tumours in her brain. During this process, Danny visits the high
school to pursue Miss Noble. During this time Jasper contacts
her, asking her to assist with the book he is writing. During
this time he has five heroic daydream episodes. During this time
of year, wealthy families come to town to vacation, and live on
Shore Road, the wealthier part of town. During this time period,
Jess, who has been unable to conceive naturally, puts off IVF
treatments with Jago, feeling that she cannot keep trying to have
children while Milly is sick. During this time she makes a call
to Kai and re-confirms their committed love. During this time,
Elizabeth meets Fitzwilliam Darcy, mr Bingley's closest
friend/zombie killer. During this time, Emily begins a
relationship with a Commander Gordon (Percy Marmont), a dapper,
popular bachelor. During this time, Randy is approached by
Wendy's jealous husband Ali at the gas station, who grabs Randy
and warns her to stay away from his wife. During this time, Tiana
and Naveen develop feelings for each other. During this time,
Zach is seen trying to hurry back to London and has to take the
ferry because Alexandra had taken the last ticket going to
London. During this time, he also befriends some of Enrique's
friends whom he plays poker with, including a cargo handler named
Joe Mulroy, and an Indian janitor named Gupta Rajan, learning
from the latter that he had come to the States in order to avoid
being arrested for stabbing a corrupt police officer back in
India in 1979. During this time, mrs Steinmetz becomes enamored
with Judson. During this time, the women twice attack Ames and
tie him up, Melsa's friend Myra enthusiastically flirts with
Ames, and their friend Pat eats incessantly. During this time,
their real families are already looking for them. During this
time, various people are shown reacting to the TV coverage and
the impact Bulworth's escapade is making on the political/social
conversation in the country (race, poverty, inequity, greed).
During this trip, Luke and Kate go out for dinner and fall asleep
together on the couch. During those dull days at the office, he
occasionally fantasizes about other women, but never acts upon
his impulses. During training, he falls in love with Kathryn
(played by Kathryn Grayson), the daughter of his commanding
officer, who has similarly put her singing career on hold in
order to serve by providing entertainment for the troops. During
tryouts, Viola fails to impress Coach Dinklage (Vinnie Jones) and
is assigned to second string, much to her dismay. Duster learns
where his son is and comes to see what he is doing. Dustin
Willoughby (Joe Brown) is a prizefighter and believer in
astrology, who only wins when the stars are in alignment. Dustin
is on a search for love, sex, and inspiration. Dustin is there in
her apartment. Dusty reveals to Chris and Clark that he only
plans to have sex with Jamie, as he wants to humiliate her in the
same way that he felt she used to humiliate him when he was a
nerd and she was the object of his crush. Duvall soon quells the
riot, and gathers all the girls in the school in the gymnasium.
Dwight tells the guys he probably won't make it to the Naked
Mile, but yet still manages to make it right in time. Dylan (Dan
Futterman) and Jez (Stuart Townsend) are two orphans who meet in
their twenties and vow to achieve their shared childhood dream of
living in a stately home. Dylan Schoenfield is a snobby, rich and
self-centered 16-year-old girl who goes to Woodlands Academy.
Dylan accuses Josh of publicly humiliating her and undoing all
her efforts to be rid of her old self, and walks off after
telling him to leave her alone. Dylan allows Josh to enter "the
ramp," or the place in the cafeteria where the popular students
sit, as a friend rather than a filmmaker. Dylan befriends Kelly's
13-year-old homeschooled cousin, Lily Miska (Elle Fanning), who
develops a romantic interest that Dylan is oblivious to. Dylan
then proceeds with a tearful impromptu apology for much of what
she said in the film, and declares her feelings for Josh. Dylan
walks in and sits down. Dylan walks off again silently crying.
Dylan, delighted to be in a movie, takes the opportunity;
believing that with "her" movie, she could be crowned Blossom
Queen. Dylan, following his father's advice, confesses to Lily
that he loves her and she forgives him. Dylan, however, hates the
idea of moving away from his friends and retreats into his
artwork which has grown more macabre since the death of his
mother. Dynamite and Turk have vied for women before when the two
were stationed in Hawaii. Dynamite, who has followed the women to
New York and on board the ship, is hiding in the stateroom of
millionaire Junior Ashcraft (Hugh Herbert). Dáithí Carroll is an
earnest young filmmaker studying in London. EJ. Each boy proceeds
to pursue sex in different ways, with both tragic and comedic
results. Each couple represents a specific archetype. Each girl,
incognito, is given a chaperone of an army officer, and an
itinerary to be back at Buckingham Palace by 1am. Each is
involved with someone else. Each learns to appreciate the other
as only together can they make this enforced predicament work
out. Each meets a lady of interest. Each of the fantasies is
inspired by some detail of Mitty's mundane surroundings:. Each
plot backfires horribly, until the boys finally begin to change
their attitudes towards sex at the end of the film. Each plot
follows similar "arcs" in the story line in which Keaton's
character works for his beloved's attention and eventually wins
her over. Each sibling telephones the respective partner to see
if they would be willing to be married before the big prize day.
Each time, Bill tells his friend he will meet him on the next
floor up. Each turns him down. Each utilizes video-like footage
from select days in the defendants' lives, shown to the judges to
illustrate their case. Eager to deflate the boasting Ames and
Cobb, the colonel bets a month's pay that Dodo can outshoot Ames
and Cobb. Eager to help Snug, Tony introduces him to logging
foreman Mike Malone (G. Eager to teach Ned a lesson, Taylor
quickly seduces Erin, then proposes marriage to her in front of a
hidden TV camera. Eager to test his theory, Rip sells a survey on
progressive education to a client, with a promise the result will
stand for the whole country. Earlier, as it turns out, after Dick
received an injury during the war, he stayed at a hospital where
Leonora performed for the patients. Early in the film the three
boys pick up three girls with the promise of cocaine (instead
they use Sweet'n Low). Early in the film, Elizabeth plans to get
surgery to enlarge her breasts, and becomes all the more
motivated to do so once she learns Scott's ex-girlfriend had
large breasts. Early on in her stay at True Directions, Megan
discovers two of the boys, Dolph and Clayton (Dante Basco and Kip
Pardue), making out. Early on in the film she declares that "in
spite of her thirty or forty affairs, I've lost not a bit of my
virtue". Early on in their working relationship, she had fended
off his romantic advances, but has come to regret it. Early on,
Matthew watches as a woman named Patty (Emmanuelle Chriqui) and
her boyfriend Crick (Johnny Green) fight. Early on, it is
revealed that Eugene's car has two idiosyncrasies: a sort of
black hole underneath the passenger seat where items that are
dropped disappear forever and broken headlights that cannot be
fixed by even the most adept of mechanics. Early the next
morning, David overpowers and ties up the leader, leaving her to
be eaten by dogs. Early the next morning, Ted leaves without
saying goodbye. Early the next morning, they return to the
mansion and encounter the Flower Girl en route to her vending
spot. Earning a reputation for her KOs, Frankie must resort to
bribery to get other managers to put their trainee fighters up
against her. East and West attendees are not allowed to
intermingle. East is for singles and uses the tagline "Come
Together". Easton eventually lets Rutland stay—half because she
is persuaded it is her patriotic duty to take him in and half
because of Rutland's own self-assured pushiness. Eccentric
multimillionaire Ezra Ounce (Hugh Herbert), whose main purpose in
life is raising American morals through a nationwide campaign,
wants to be assured that his fortune will be inherited by
upstanding relatives. Ed Malloy, a tough bouncer from Portland,
Oregon, is dragged into a twisted web of lies, magic and kung fu.
Ed agrees to move out. Ed and Alice are in love, but not
passionate, ripping-clothes-off in love. Ed attempts to have sex
with an actress at work, but cannot perform. Ed challenges Jimmy
and Doug to a football game with some of his old college
teammates who will be at the wedding. Ed ends up stranded when
Sandy runs off with his car after stealing a bag of crack. Ed has
a date at a restaurant and turns out to be seated next to Alice
and Donald; it is uncomfortable. Ed has enough trouble with
personal issues, realizing that he has fallen for Smokey, while
she has already received a proposed from Dana. Ed is getting
tired of meaningless sex. Ed is off the hook, and follows Smokey
home to propose to her. Ed is unaware that the same room is
reserved by Elizabeth "Smokey" Allard (Olivia de Havilland), for
her friend May (Anne Shirley) who is getting married to an army
sergeant, Joe Bates (James Dunn), that very night. Ed is upset
that Alice is seeing Donald, and she is upset that Ed has slept
with so many women. Ed never thought she would actually go that
far. Ed says they are supposed to be sleeping with other people,
but she is just sleeping with one, as if it is a relationship. Ed
shouts out that he was engaged to Kat, proving he was still in
the wrong for what he did to Kat. Ed tells her that she is right
and that he overreacted, but he says that they should continue
the deal until she is completely satisfied so they have no
regrets. Ed's college friends make peace with Doug and Jimmy and
tell them they were good players. Ed, however, has feelings for
Sandy at this point, but she is not quite what she seems. Ed,
initially resistant to the idea of seeing other people, decides
to go along with it. Ed, upset, chases Jeffrey out of the church
and down the road. Eddie "Gonzo" Gilman is the head geek at his
high school—and determined to do something about it. Eddie
"Scrap-Iron" Dupris, Frankie's friend and employee—and the film's
narrator—encourages and helps her. Eddie (Courtney Vance) is
trained killer for the Eliminator Corp, a shadowy government
organization dedicated to wasting society's undesirables. Eddie
(Jimi Mistry), the incompetent mugger who falls for Jocelyn
(Catherine McCormack), the neurotic "absentee grave tender" (she
tends the graves of loved ones for people who cannot). Eddie
(Johnny Sands) artfully makes their furniture out of aircraft
parts and other war surplus. Eddie Cheng, Nick and Astrid's
cousin, wants to impress everyone with his family and his
lifestyle, but things don't go his way. Eddie Hopper is a
construction contractor from Long Island, New York, with two
grown daughters. Eddie Tayloe (Madison) is a reporter assigned to
the Ft. Eddie agrees to take Palmer out to dinner so that Danny
can go with Katherine. Eddie and Kiki begin to warm to each
other. Eddie deals with his low sperm count and dissatisfaction
about being unable to father children. Eddie decides to go for a
walk and runs into Gidget. Eddie gets into a scuffle and gets
thrown out. Eddie goes out on stage alone. Eddie immediately
becomes jealous. Eddie is married with daughters, but treats
Dixie's son as if he were his own. Eddie is the only cast member
pleased with Weidmann's direction and wants to work with him
again. Eddie mentions their relationship was a mistake and
declares his love for Kiki. Eddie tries to get an audience with
the prince of Belavia, but fails, so he and Paige go to the
Holiday Ball. Eddie uses his earlier education to help Paige gain
a better understanding of William Shakespeare, and Paige
instructs Edvard in common household chores like laundry. Eddie
wins her over, particularly by reuniting Dixie with her soldier
husband on stage. Eddie, however, finds an interest in Gidget,
who is still in a foul mood. Edgar hears this through a speaking
tube, and plots to eliminate the cats. Edgar returns to the
country to retrieve his possessions from Napoleon and Lafayette,
as the only evidence that could incriminate him. Edgar, persuaded
by his socially conscious family's concern, and tiring of his
young lover, casually ends his affair with Isabel with a Chanel
scarf and a lunch. Edith (Dove) is a girl who has loved Jim
Carter (Withers) since childhood. Edith Martin (Vera Farmiga) and
her highly strung daughter Audrey (Taissa Farmiga), and George
Hartman (Andy García) and his unmotivated son Conrad (Spencer
Lofranco), arrive for a campus tour of the quaint Middleton
College led by junior "dingleberry" Justin (Nicholas Braun).
Edith and George discuss their relationship, unsure of what it is
since they are both married. Edith and George go back to the
belltower, where they spend an intimate moment. Edith and George
then get high with Daphne and her boyfriend Travis (Stephen
Borrello), and discuss their relationships with their children.
Edith marries Larrison and then go to Europe on their honeymoon.
Edith tells Audrey that they're going to be okay, and George
requests Conrad take the long way home. Edvard proposes and Paige
accepts. Edward Lewis, a successful corporate raider in Los
Angeles on business, accidentally ends up on Hollywood Boulevard
in the city's red-light district, after breaking up with his
girlfriend during an unpleasant phone call in which he appears
highly controlling; he asks her to escort him during his trip,
but she is offended that he treats her as his 'beck and call
girl'. Edward apologizes, and admits to feeling jealous of a
business associate to whom Vivian paid attention at the match.
Edward arrives and gives Mary and Nora stuff from their old home,
offering Nora a job in his law office - which she declines.
Edward arrives at the party, and he and a drunk Nora kiss. Edward
arrives with moving truck full of new home and office furniture.
Edward arrives, punches him in the face, and throws him out.
Edward takes Vivian to a polo match in hopes of networking for
his business deal. Edward tells him that all he has to do is pay
her for the idea, but Viktor knows that for this artist the idea
is more important than money. Edy guns the engine but the rear
bumper comes off and he crashes into a parked car, injuring
himself. Edy is about to give a toast to everyone but gets a
call, it seems that Edy has been getting a lot of calls, and
often runs out when he does which gets Anna suspicious that he is
having an affair, and cheating on her again (there was one
previous incident in the past). Edy is now alone in the kitchen,
drinking. Edy makes her promise to not tell anyone, since he
doesn't want anyone to worry so they can enjoy the holidays. Edy
offers to give her a ride to the bar where everyone is. Edy
reacts with little emotion, saying that if it is what Anna wants
then he can't really do anything about it. Edy then travels to
his store, a small neighborhood supermarket, called Bodega. Edy,
decides to do one last thing for Anna and finally cut down that
tree so the three go outside and secure the tree to a chain that
is connected to the rear bumper of Edy's car. Effie explains to
him that the marriage, called "hufi", is followed by a prolonged
period of celebration called "bruchah". Effie has overheard the
gossip spread amongst her party guests; and seeing Henry come
home with one of the mannequin's shoes and blonde hair on his
clothes fears the worst. Effie, upset with Brian breaking up with
her and how Lena seems to love her friends more than her own
sister, steals the Pants and loses them in Greece while visiting
her grandmother. Egg, an immature little boy with a penchant for
dressing up in costumes, is the baby of the family. Egomaniacal
and temperamental Victor Fabian is the London Festival
Orchestra's conductor. Eight weeks later, Alison experiences
morning sickness during an interview with James Franco and
realizes she could be pregnant. Eight years have elapsed since
Scott Calvin took on the mantle of Santa Claus and became subject
to The Santa Clause. Eight years later, Sam is employed as a
waitress at the diner to save money to attend Princeton
University, but she is regularly tormented by her stepfamily:
constant insulting and treat her like if they were popular,
despite them being regarded as weirdos. Eight years later, in
2010, she is a successful public relations executive in Los
Angeles, recently promoted to a job in New York. Eighteen months
later, the two are shown to be happily married with a baby of
their own. Eileen Tyler (Fonda), a 22-year-old Albany Times Union
music critic, is suffering from her breakup with Russ (Robert
Culp) from a rich Albany family. Eileen confides to her brother
that she thinks she may be the only 22-year-old virgin left in
the world. Einstein explains that in fact, Bottomley gave the
correct answer. Elaine is distraught and returns to Berkeley.
Elaine manages to break free from her mother, who then slaps her.
Elaine, who has been dating Tobey for seven years, has begun to
feel the ticking of her biological clock. Elated at first, Ann
storms off without the money when Steve tells her that he is now
engaged to Hilda. Elated that her problem is now solved Brooke
offers to go to Nick's friend's wedding and pretend to be his
girlfriend in front of his ex, Hannah. Elated with her newfound
fame, Barbara dumps Raef. Eleanor has flown in but stays in an
airport bar rather than going straight to her parent's house.
Eleanor, alas, is enjoying her improved sex life and brags about
it openly to Clair and Veronica. Elgar Enders (Beau Bridges), a
man who lives off his parents' wealth, buys himself an inner-city
tenement, in the transitional neighborhood of 1970 Park Slope,
Brooklyn, planning to evict all the occupants and construct a
luxury home for himself. Elgar falls for Lanie (Marki Bey), a
dancer at a local black club. Eli "Big Daddy" La Bouff, a rich
sugar baron and Charlotte's father, is hosting a masquerade ball
in Naveen's honor. Eli tells Tom he loves him and Tom, terrified,
lashes out at him the next day and drives him away. Eli's parents
are both Jewish psychiatrists who raised him to be emotionally
open but ended up making him neurotic. Eliot decides to take more
risks, though he is unsure on when and how to do so due to his
reserved habits. Eliot feels awkward because of Bradley's
personal connections to the owner and patrons, while Eliot's
refined tastes clash with the blue-collar atmosphere. Eliot is a
dependable and reliable—though thoroughly average—young man with
a streak of bad luck, terminally typecast as a nice guy in a life
that mimics the clichés of typical romantic comedies. Eliot tries
to keep himself composed, but even Caroline's reassurances do not
convince him that her feelings for Bradley are buried. Eliot,
having been stood up for a dinner with his parents, goes out to a
bar with his friends from work where he accidentally runs into
Cecil's boyfriend, Dan (Paul Rudd), and Bradley with his current
girlfriend. Eliot, refusing to let history repeat itself, simply
chases him off rather than let him get started with another
speech. Elise (Goldie Hawn), whose husband also left her for a
younger woman, is now an aging alcoholic movie actress who has
become a plastic-surgery addict to keep her career afloat. Elise
and Hubbell also arrive, Elise tries to bribe Mary, and a
protective cabdriver, Fritzie (Guinn Williams), punches Hubbell,
mistaking him for Jack. Elise, feeling sorry for herself, gets
drunk which only results in her and Brenda hurling vicious
insults at each other, and the women drift apart. Eliza
Doolittle, a Cockney flower girl, runs into a young man called
Freddy. Eliza accuses him of wanting her only to fetch and carry
for him, saying that she will marry Freddy because he loves her.
Eliza cries as she prepares to leave ("Just You Wait" [Reprise]).
Eliza explains that Higgins has always treated her as a flower
girl, but she learned to be a lady because Pickering treated her
as one. Eliza makes a good impression at first with her polite
manners but later shocks everyone with her vulgar Cockney
attitudes and slang. Eliza sees that she no longer belongs in
Covent Garden, and she and Freddy depart. Eliza then dances with
Higgins. Eliza's father, Alfred Doolittle, and his drinking
companions, Harry and Jamie, all dustmen, stop by the next
morning. Eliza's final test requires her to pass as a lady at the
Embassy Ball, and after weeks of preparation, she is ready.
Elizabeth (Jane Powell) accompanies her wealthy Texas rancher
father (Wendell Corey) on a visit to Paris, where her mother
(Danielle Darrieux) lives; while in Paris, she meets Andre (Vic
Damone), an eager young Frenchman. Elizabeth Fimple, Deborah
Ann's mother, discovers the letter. Elizabeth Gilbert had
everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having - a
husband, a house, a successful career – yet like so many others,
she found herself lost, confused, and searching for what she
really wanted in life. Elizabeth Halsey is an immoral, gold-
digging Chicago-area middle school English teacher who curses at
her students, drinks alcohol heavily, smokes marijuana, and shows
movies while sleeping through class. Elizabeth Lane (Barbara
Stanwyck) is a single food writer living in New York whose
articles about her fictitious Connecticut farm, husband and baby
are admired by housewives across the country. Elizabeth
Montgomery owned a second home in Patterson. Elizabeth and
Jefferson spend the night in jail, mistakenly charged with
stealing a neighbor's horse and sleigh, and return to the farm
early the next morning. Elizabeth and John plan to be married
immediately by Judge Crothers (Dick Elliott), but the ceremony is
interrupted when Jefferson arrives and it is love at first sight.
Elizabeth and her airman have their own adventures trying to
catch up with Margaret, which take them far beyond the 1am
deadline into the early hours of the following morning. Elizabeth
and her family meet the dashing and charming Mr Wickham who
singles out Elizabeth and tells her a story of the hardship that
Mr Darcy has caused him by depriving him of a living (position as
clergyman in a prosperous parish with good revenue that once
granted, is for life) promised to him by Mr Darcy's late father.
Elizabeth and her hosts are frequently invited to Rosings Park,
the imposing home of Lady Catherine de Bourgh. Elizabeth attempts
to raise money for the surgery by participating in her 7th grade
class car wash in provocative clothing and by manipulating
parents to give her money for more school supplies and tutoring,
but her efforts are not enough. Elizabeth embarks on a trip
around the country with her aunt and uncle, fighting zombies
along the way. Elizabeth eventually discovers that it was Darcy
who engineered the union, thus saving the Bennet family from
ruin. Elizabeth finally confesses all. Elizabeth gets Carl drunk
and convinces him to take her to his office to have sex, but she
spikes his drink and steals a copy of the answers. Elizabeth
hopes to renew her relationship with Darcy, but his aunt, the
Lady Catherine, interferes and insists that her daughter Anne is
a better match for her nephew. Elizabeth is aghast at such
pragmatism in matters of love. Elizabeth is horrified at Darcy's
involvement in an affair which has caused her sister so much
pain. Elizabeth is surprised and delighted by the kindness to
herself and her aunt and uncle. Elizabeth later gives advice to
one of her students who has an unrequited crush on the
superficial Chase in class, which causes her to reflect on how
she has been superficial as well. Elizabeth later learns from her
best friend, Lynn Davies, that the teacher of the class with the
highest state test scores will receive a $5,700 bonus. Elizabeth
realizes that she has judged Darcy too harshly and is humbled.
Elizabeth seems to act as if she is embarrassed about her
youngest daughter's disability. Elizabeth spares Catherine's
life. Elizabeth takes him aside, gives him her bra, and tells
everyone she caught him having sex with a student from another
school, which erases his image as a loser. Elizabeth then has to
convince her father that she is not marrying for money, and it is
only after she speaks about Mr Darcy's true worth that he is
happy about the wedding. Elizabeth vows to avenge the separation
of her family by killing Darcy, and she is afforded that
opportunity when he appears unannounced at a cottage where she is
visiting her newlywed friend Charlotte. Elizabeth's dislike for
Darcy intensifies when she learns that he plotted to separate
Bingley from her sister, Jane. Elizabeth's dislike of Mr Darcy is
confirmed. Elizabeth's packing is interrupted, first by Yardley
and then by Jefferson. Elizabeth, out of genuine concern for her
sister's well being, visits her sister there. Ella and Char begin
writing to each other frequently after Char leaves on a
diplomatic mission to Ayortha. Ella eventually chooses to marry
Buttons, an employee in the shop, instead of the prince. Ella is
close to her mother and they share the same free-spirited nature,
but when Ella is nearly fifteen, Eleanor dies. Ella renews her
friendship with Char at the wedding. Ella, who still loves him,
goes to the ball in disguise with help from Mandy and Lucinda,
who make a coach and horses from household objects. Elle Daniels
(Ashlee Hewitt) has dreamed of being a famous singer-songwriter
for as long as she can remember. Elle graduated from Berklee,
Ty's album went triple Platinum, Brenda (aka Kandi) was
pretending to be a different pop star, Stephanie is a wig model,
Jamie and Becky work for Lady Gaga, and Kit and Andy were happily
together with their own detective agency. Elle swallows her pride
and tries to forget about her dreams. Elle, being convinced by
Kit to start singing again, gives herself a makeover, goes to the
recording studio and sings "Love is with Me Now", which Ty hears,
and mistakes her for the British Kandi Kane, awestruck by her
voice. Ellen Andrews, an airline employee from Wichita working in
Paris, assists Mickey in locating and retrieving the casket.
Ellen Arden (Monroe), a photographer and mother of two small
children, has been declared legally dead, having been lost at sea
in the Pacific. Ellen Garfield refuses to marry fellow reporter
Curt Devlin until he admits she is as good at her craft as any
man. Ellen Wagstaff Arden (Doris Day), a mother of two young
girls named Jenny and Didi, was believed to be lost at sea
following an airplane accident. Ellen approaches Mickey and says
she has been offered a transfer to Dallas. Ellen assumes a
foreign accent and pretends to be a woman named Ingrid Tic. Ellen
discovers the truth behind the missing money and the betting
racket, but forgives Dick and cooks up a scheme to force mrs
Donato to leave Dick alone, pretending to be the brains behind
the bookmaking operation, backed by her own "gang". Ellen gets
promoted and climbs the corporate ladder, leaving Mickey at home
to tend to her father, Arthur. Ellen goes to the vendors without
authorization and negotiates the price down to $50,000. Ellen
hates Larry and he discovers that the union is threatening a
walkout due to massive layoffs and increased production, since
Niles is selling Liberty Republic in both realities. Ellen
invites her to use the apartment. Ellen is distressed when she
watches as her uncle, Judge Ben Grant (George Cleveland), is
forced to rule in favor of landlord Roscoe Johnson (an uncredited
Will Wright) in eviction proceedings against several of her
friends. Ellen is shop steward (in both realities) and is married
to another man. Ellen returns to Nick's house unsure if her
children will recognize her. Ellen talks Shaw into letting rich
wannabee musician Lester Chisholm (Charles Butterworth) back a
concert. Ellerby jumps bail. Ellie agrees to the first choice.
Ellie and Madonna go for a walk in the woods and talk. Ellie is
near tears when the wealthy Dunstons announce that they are
planning to add a wing to their home for the couple, but is
overjoyed when Kay and Buckley reveal that they have just bought
their own little house, enabling Ellie to have free rein helping
Kay decorate. Ellie returns to Los Angeles with Sal, while Al
remains for the night, at least, with Julie. Elliot attributes
his behavior to his discontent with his wife's self-sufficiency
and resentment of her emotional strength. Elliot becomes
infatuated with one of Hannah's sisters, Lee (Barbara Hershey),
and eventually begins an affair with her. Elliot convinces Paula
that he will not be like that and later picks up Lucy from school
and takes her on a carriage ride, during which Lucy admits that
she likes Elliot, and he admits that he likes her and Paula and
will not do anything to hurt them. Elliot gets a job at an improv
theater, and is soon seen by a movie producer. Ellison advises
him, "You have some life left. Eloise, along with his wife's
father (Martin Sheen), help Burke move past his wife's death.
Elsewhere in the hotel, Ty befriends hotel guest and senatorial
candidate Christopher Marshall, whom Ty learns has an interest in
Richard Nixon, the subject of his school presentation. Elsewhere,
Dat Lo (Tony Leung) was vacationing with his girlfriend (Gigi
Lai) and another jilted girl (Stephanie Che) in Okinawa
(intending to use the vacation to dump his own girlfriend), but
stumbles into Jimmy whom he had little problems recognising as an
international crook. Elsewhere, Mary, Shauna, and Keisha debate
about who can replace Yolanda, bringing up several potential
candidates, all with fatal flaws. Elsewhere, Rothbart is keeping
Odette at his castle lair at Swan Lake. Elsewhere, at Sheila's
request, Mike agrees to help find Troy a job. Elsewhere, the
escaped wildcat stalks around the park. Elsewhere, the guys are
hitting the casinos, with Cedric trying to score as much as he
can. Elsie arrives at the embassy and is soon joined by the
Prince Regent, a stiff and pompous man. Elsie then passes out
from the many drinks she consumed before, during and after her
semi-solitary supper. Elvira Kent (Janis Paige) and her husband
Michael (Don DeFore) suspect each other of cheating. Elvis
Presley plays Ross Carpenter, a Hawaiian fishing guide and sailor
who enjoys boating and sailing out on the sea. Elvis plays the
dual role of look-alike cousins Josh Morgan, a dark-hairedS.
Elwell accuses Praetorius of "quackery", but Praetorius defends
himself with the fact that he was a licensed practitioner,
describing how he was forced to leave town after his maid
discovered his medical degree. Elwell had purposefully arranged
for Praetorius's misconduct hearing to be scheduled for the same
time as the student/faculty orchestra's concert. Elwell's
detective discovers that Shunderson was once convicted of murder,
and Elwell calls for a misconduct hearing against Praetorius.
Elwood decides to handle the matter with the Navy personally.
Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on which
David was born and holds a deed is home to a strategic military
base. Ely breaks one of her requests which results in another
messy dispute. Ely confesses the kiss but Naomi brushes it off.
Ely is gay, often having casual hook-ups with other guys while
Naomi is straight and has recently begun dating "Bruce 2",
although she has always been secretly in love with Ely. Ely on
the other hand, has finally found love and is settling down with
Bruce 2. Ely realizes the situation they're in is similar to
Naomi's parents and feels guilty. Embarrassed by her own
immaturity Phoebe tries to go on a date. Embarrassed by the poor
turnout at his party Kid bails into the corridor and runs into
Sydney (who is there for her grandparents' anniversary party).
Embarrassed when Calvin reveals himself as the author, she asks
if they can "start over". Embarrassed, George gets an injunction
preventing her from performing as the "Petty Girl". Embarrassed,
Paolo runs off and is ambushed outside by paparazzi. Embarrassed,
the Tramp tries to shuffle away, but the girl stops him and hands
him the flower, which he shyly takes. Embassy in Tokyo. Emerging
from the lake, Charity, speaking directly to the audience, asks
"Did you ever have one of those days. Emil shows up to drive
Teddy back to the city and the two sit down to eat, with Chick as
their waiter. Emile Keck, a friend and waiter at an Italian
restaurant they frequent, also urges Johnny to take a chance,
even facetiously suggesting he rob the bank where he works.
Emilio immediately takes control of Blake Media. Emily "Jacks"
Jackson, who spent her childhood in America, now lives and works
in London, at British Vogue, and shares an apartment with her gay
friend Peter Simon, a screenwriter. Emily and her sister leave
immediately for rural Canada to care for their mother. Emily
comes back to New York where she confesses, just after Will
proposes, that she slept with his roommate. Emily does this, but
when she tells Kathy that Tom is awesome and they had sex all
night, their friendship suffers, as does Kathy's marriage. Emily
intercedes to save Victor and Barkis mockingly proposes a toast
to Emily, claiming she was "always the bridesmaid, never the
bride". Emily is faced with the difficult decision of having to
choose between long-suffering James and her parents who have made
countless sacrifices to bring their family to New Zealand. Emily
is heartbroken by Victor's deception. Emily is upset because the
ad said nothing about extra charges and refuses to accept the
package. Emily is upset with her son's recent erratic behaviour
and blames the fact that he is blinded by love. Emily moves to
New York City, and she and Will rekindle their relationship after
a run-in at a party of Summer's they both were attending. Emily
notices Victoria and realizes that she is denying Victoria her
chance at happiness the same way it was stolen from her. Emily
persuades him through his earlier spoken words to her to instead
choose happiness with her by keeping quiet and accepting his role
as a hero. Emily sets Victor free of his vow to marry her, giving
the wedding ring back to Victor and her wedding bouquet to
Victoria before exiting the church. Emily's original wishes to
attend a performing arts school to study dancing are superseded
by her mother's request that she pursue university studies, which
she starts at University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. Emily's
suspicions are soon confirmed when Andy, who usually has had an
eye for girls, barely notices the very attractive singer, Isobel
Gonzales (Lina Romay), when they are introduced. Emily, as a
wedding gift, reunites Victor with his long-dead dog, Scraps.
Emma (Rachel Bilson) and Will (Tom Sturridge) were childhood best
friends; they lost touch a long time ago—as far as she knows.
Emma Allen and Olivia 'Liv' Lerner are best friends who have
planned every detail of their weddings, since first witnessing a
wedding 20 years ago at the Plaza Hotel. Emma Moriarty (Sally
Field) is a 33-year-old, divorced mother who moves to a rural
Arizona town to make a living by training and boarding horses.
Emma and Fletcher are shown to undergo strains in their
relationship because of Emma's new found opinionated and
confident trait, a depart from her usual people-pleasing
characteristics. Emma and Fletcher get into an argument regarding
Emma's maniac behavior of sabotaging Liv's wedding and their
friendship, including how Emma has changed since they first met.
Emma and Liv also reveal to each other that they are pregnant and
that their due dates are the same, March 3, and both friends get
excited. Emma and the other guests have a good time there, and
she sees a whole new side of Patrick, who had been repulsive to
her so far. Emma begins her walk down the aisle but stops when
the footage of her spring break is shown. Emma discovers Pete's
presence and visits the gatehouse to have it out with him. Emma
finally has the signed and notarized annulment papers, but she
considers calling off her wedding. Emma finds Patrick in a bar,
and their initial meeting ends with her getting drunk. Emma goes
to Joe and asks him to tell Will that she is sorry for what she
had said to him and what had happened. Emma is arrested by police
officer Percy Williams, after she attempts to steal a piece of
jewelry as a gift for Charlotte. Emma is shaken with the news of
her lover's death, and Will's implication, but then gets a letter
from Will proving he wasn't in Los Angeles when the man was
killed, referring her to the couple that had earlier given him
the ride home. Emma questions Sophia’s concept of romantic love
and advises her to break their engagement, which she swiftly
does. Emma sets off the church's fire sprinklers in an attempt to
get Patrick to the church. Emma sets out to find Patrick and give
him annulment papers to sign so that she can marry Richard. Emma
stands up and walks over to Fletcher who is upset at Emma's
behavior. Emma struggles to make ends meet, but is helped by
Murphy, an idiosyncratic widower who drives an otherwise
immaculate antique automobile decorated with several political
bumper slogan stickers Murphy terms his "causes". Emma tells him
that she is not the same person he fell in love with ten years
ago and that she has now changed, as it has been apparent that
she learned to be more assertive. Emma then goes back to the
honorable Richard, who still loves her and says that she wants to
marry him. Emma's boyfriend Aaron follows her home because he
wants to reconcile, staying at a local hotel. Emma's father dies.
Emma's fiancé, Fletcher, begins to show signs of being
controlling. Emma, following Officer Percy's advice, buys
Charlotte the most expensive thing she can &ndash; a shower stool
from the hospital's small gift shop. Emmadel begins to have
second thoughts. Emmadel meets Wilbur's amiable elderly
relatives, who present her with $500,000 as a wedding gift.
Emmadel's fiance Wilbur shows up to settle the matter.
Emotionally distraught, Ria leaves. Emperor Tod Spengo (Jon
Lovitz), with General Afir (Thalmus Rasulala) at his side, takes
over a small planet at the edge of the galaxy populated entirely
by idiots, and renames it after himself. Empire Records is an
independent record shop managed by Joe (Anthony LaPaglia).
Empowered and inspired by cliched self-improvement tapes, Doris
decides to go after him. En route to st Louis they have an
argument which leads to an accident which ends up with their
vehicle falling into the river. En route to the airport she
discovers he's married and breaks up with him. En route, the
Cardinal's henchmen repeatedly attack them and only d'Artagnan
and Planchet reach London. En route, they pick up a young rock
singer named Cassandra Eldridge (Moore); who is being chased by a
motorcycle gang at the time. Encouraged by Chuck, Lawrence goes
to the hospital to reconcile with Janet, who reveals her
pregnancy. Encouraged by Gina, Corey's school-girl crush on Rex
is pushed to its limits—much to the horror of her friends,
includingJ, who is infatuated with her. Encouraged by Mia to have
her own happy ending, Clarisse proposes to Joe and they are
promptly married. Encouraged by her maid to fight for her
happiness, Angela, after a farcical encounter at Trixie's
apartment, conceives a plan to win back her husband's affections.
Encouraged by her mother, Mimi agrees to move out of the house
and build up a career to forget Alan. Encouraged by their friends
and next-door neighbors, Dick and Alice Pepper, who have three
children and another due, Isolde, who has been unsuccessful in
her attempts to become pregnant, is determined that she and Augie
will eventually be parents. Encouraged by those thoughts, she
even agrees to meet Alan and offers him to be friends.
Encouraged, he reveals his humble status and manages to persuade
her to leave with him the next morning. Encouraging Dick to not
lose his woman and their love, the diminutive Destroyer frees
Dick and helps him break out of the chamber. Enders decides to
remain as the landlord, and help fix the apartment building.
Endicott also miscalculates an invitation to a party at Kate's,
coming in casual island attire to an event with elegantly dressed
guests. Ending his relationship with Mia is not enough to satisfy
Brandi who finally administers Darnell's punishment for his
misogyny. Ending up in Paris, Tom tries, without success, to woo
Gusto. England, 1710. Enjoying each other's company Dike
discovers that Julie is actually the Colonel's daughter but has
fallen in love with her. Enjoying the attention his writing is
finally receiving, Lance decides to write and publish a phony
journal that was supposedly written by his son before his death.
Enlisting the help of Sherman's father Cletus, Denise heads for
the firm Buddy is selling the formula to. Enraged Isabella
confronts Susan, but is hauled away by Hanlon and his partner.
Enraged and jealous, she attacks the pair with a great white
shark. Enraged at the apparent betrayal, Anna runs off, only to
be harassed by a group of men who recognize her. Enraged, Antoine
tries to kill Deuce, and at one point shoots a crossbow bolt at
him. Enraged, Dennis mocks Whit and they altercate for a while at
the start of the race and, in their efforts to out-do each other,
they catch up to and then overtake the professional runners, and
suddenly Whit trips Dennis and severely injures him. Enraged,
Egeus invokes an ancient Athenian law before Duke Theseus,
whereby a daughter must marry the suitor chosen by her father, or
else face death. Enraged, Healy tails Tucker and discovers him to
be a fraud himself: he is an able-bodied, entirely American pizza
delivery boy who is also in love with Mary. Enraged, Humperdinck
tortures Westley to death via The Machine at its maximum setting.
Enraged, Jim asks him to leave, and all the others, including
Cadence, support Jim's decision. Enraged, she shoves him into a
gorge, yelling, "You can die, too, for all I care. Enraged, the
Duke demands the ending be changed with the courtesan choosing
the maharajah; Satine offers to spend the night with the Duke to
keep the original ending. Enrolling at a rival high school, she
enlists the help of her sex-obsessed loudmouth little brother,
Buddy (Billy Jacoby) and her best friend Denise (Toni Hudson) to
disguise herself as a boy. Enter Joanne Webber, a hard-nosed
Londoner with a penchant for role-play and her eye on this
vulnerable Irishman. Enter ms Shanté Smith (Fox). Entering her
quarters in the dark, he pretends to be the Comte de Wardes and
trysts with her. Entering the machine, he thinks of the night
when Helena humiliated him. Enthusiastic he returns to Ridgeway,
collects his fee of $10,000, which makes the lieutenant be even
more sour about him, and leaves very happy. Enticed by the
opportunity to split the responsibility of studio ownership with
someone and seeing that Jenn's "warm" yoga has become an immense
hit, her boss accepts, and they both agree to restart their
friendship. Envying Danny's freedom, Carla convinces her parents
she is capable of living on her own and moves into her own
apartment. Epilogue: A few years later, Jess is pregnant again,
this time started naturally, and the two families are shown being
close and having lunch together. Episodes often begin with Darrin
becoming the victim of a spell, the effects of which wreak havoc
with mortals such as his boss, clients, parents, and neighbors.
Eric Wainwright (Van Johnson), a busy impresario, is besieged by
hordes of wannabe concert stars, eager for their big break. Eric
and the rest of the tenants agree to fix up the building together
during the next few weeks. Eric apologizes for how he bullied him
in high school, but Jarrod attacks him anyway with a set of
nunchucks. Eric blackmails Billy's principal, Max Anderson, into
claiming that Billy bribed him for passing grades. Eric blames
the former owner and present manager, Horace Willoughby (Victor
Moore), for the poor quality of the work, and fires him on the
spot. Eric decides to go on a tour again, but before he has a
chance to go, Horace locks him in with Polly in his apartment.
Eric goes to visit the building and meets some of its tenants.
Eric is unable to withstand the pressure and breaks down. Eric
recovers from the attack and attempts to shoot Veronica, but he
is shot by Danny McGrath, a rifle-wielding madman whom Billy
apologized to earlier for bullying him. Eric takes advice from a
musician friend, Madame Karina, and works less with his hands.
Eric then leaves on the tour, bringing Polly along, and it
becomes their honeymoon trip. Eric watches on and fumes in
frustration over Billy's decision. Erica is invited by Lou, but
is clearly uncomfortable and avoids conversation. Erica
subsequently believes Matt dishonored his vow and was unfaithful
to her, but Matt wins Erica back by reminding her of the special
moments they shared during their relationship. Erik Stifler (John
White) has a difficult time living up to his family name. Erik
loudly pounds on the closed bedroom door, proclaiming his love
for her. Erik's dad later surmises that, as a Stifler, his son
should be out having sex instead of masturbating. Erik's friends
Cooze (Jake Siegel) and Ryan (Ross Thomas) plan a road trip to
visit Erik's cousin Dwight Stifler (Steve Talley) in Michigan
during an event known as the Naked Mile. Erik's girlfriend of two
years, Tracy (Jessy Schram), loves him, but is not ready for
intercourse. Erika is arrested and sentenced to serve time in a
labor camp, and Phoebe and John are reunited. Erika then meets
with Diego (Jason Day), a much younger bicycle messenger whom she
meets for weekly sexual trysts in a Harlem apartment, where Diego
confides in her that he is in love with another woman and Erika
gives him advice on how to court her. Erin finds solace in the
arms of her football player while Eleanor takes pleasure in
Taylor's humiliation at being exposed for what he really is, but
Veronica is genuinely heartbroken. Erlenheim and his underling,
Sergeant Malcolm Greenbriar (Harvey Lembeck), arrange it so that
Archie and his buddies are given permanent passes and a personal
jeep, so they can leave the training base whenever they please.
Ernest Bliss (Cary Grant) is a rich socialite suffering boredom.
Ernest is an archetypal upper-class twit, wealthy but not overly
bright, and completely cowed and dominated by the self-assured
and outspoken Elma. Ernest is away, and Gilda is giving a
reception for some important clients. Ernest prudently takes his
leave. Ernest returns the next morning to find Otto and Leo in
his apartment, wearing his pyjamas. Ernest tells her that Leo is
back in Paris after making a success in New York. Ernie can see
what his best friend is blind to, so he urges Dan to take his
wife on a second honeymoon to Mexico. Ernie enjoys telling Dan
that he's envious of his friend's family life and often reminds
Dan that he was the one who was keen on Valerie first. Ernie
travels to Mexico to explain everything to Val, unaware that
she's expecting Dan and has already put the wedding ceremony in
motion. Escaping the hotel, David joins the loners in the woods.
Ese agrees but continues the Skype video conversation and tries
to convince Kimberly that she will be used and dumped by Richard.
Ese, who happened to be nearby immediately describes herself in
the mum's presence that she is Richard's wife. Esme's estranged
lover, volatile wrestler Gripper Burke (Bernard Bresslaw),
returns to cause havoc in a mistaken-identity case. Especially
for the first days after landing. Especially his alcohol
addiction becomes the dividing element, whereas the young Puff
Randolph girl chasing him, and her editor falling in love with
her are merely elements that challenge their love. Estelle
promises to repay the loan, then explains that she owes the
Pooles for all of Augie's assistance to her. Estelle tries to
persevere in her seduction of Joseph, but he says that he cannot
make love while Inès is watching. Estelle, infuriated, picks up a
paper knife and repeatedly stabs Inès. Esther continues reaching
out to Jon, offering him the benefit of her experience. Esther
counsels Jon about the need for sex to be a mutual experience,
and reveals that her husband and son died in a car accident
fourteen months previously. Esther tries to teach Eli to be more
understanding of Tom's emotional needs. Estlin is a journalist in
New York City, fresh out of college and ready to make a
difference in an all-too cynical world. Estlin must confront
whether his dogged pursuit of truth helps or hinders his attempt
to find a place in the world. Ethan suspects Gordo is jealous of
Paolo, though he insists otherwise. Ethan tells her that he has
to go to Osaka on a business trip and may not be back for a
while. Etienne Pimm (Charles Boyer) has an unusual way of making
a living: he arranges for impoverished European aristocrats to
marry unsuspecting rich women. Eugene meets a young woman, Nanuk,
whom he romances. Eugene, unimpressed by Sammy’s immaturity and
sexual inexperience, suggests they maintain an open relationship.
Eva and Ray fall in love, and Eva even temporarily abandons her
shrewish ways. Eva believes them and arranges a tearful funeral
for her "dead" boyfriend, but in the middle of the service Ray
appears, having escaped his prison, and the whole truth comes
out. Eva had planned on proposing to Nicky at the party but
finds out that Quincy is dating his ex-girlfriendHe d becomes
upset with him and leaves the party to look for Nicky. Evan Adams
III, however, decides she is ripe for exploitation as, "The
average American girl," and hires her to do a series of
advertisements for Adams Soap. Evangeline (Eva for short)
Dandridge works for The Los Angeles Health Department as an
inspector, a job most suitable for her bossy and perfectionist
nature. Eve calls into Nancy's radio show from the office above
her bar, torn between her attraction for Mickey and her fear of
making another mistake. Eve is devastated when Nancy proposes
that they "share" Mickey's affection, and she tells Nancy she can
have him, before rushing out. Eve is intrigued but cool, and
Mickey leaves when Pearl offers to get him into a hot card game
where he can get the money for a ticket home. Eve takes off while
they are fighting, and when she gets home is suddenly confronted
by Nancy, who tells her everything. Evelyn agrees. Evelyn
presents Adam to an audience of students and faculty as her
creation, announcing that she had been instructed to "change the
world" by her graduate adviser, but that she had chosen to
"change someone's world" instead. Even Brad's receptionist, Miss
Prentiss (Lila Lee), had been spotted with Martel. Even Happy,
who is anything but, smiles as a result. Even Max is furious at
her because he finds out she has slept with lt  Eventually
Phileine realizes why everyone is mad at her. Even after Gidget
herself denies even the thought of such a thing, arguments about
it break out between the adults. Even after he proposes to her,
however, she can see only Duke's face, and rejects him. Even her
old friend, Princess Betsy, who has had affairs herself, evades
her company. Even his exposé is ruined now that Barbara has told
her story in her own magazine, Now. Even in his now sober state
and with Virginia confessing all, he still wants to finance the
project. Even more distressingly, his ex-wife Leo is coming too.
Even one of her seeming successes, Ina Kuschner's impending
wedding to Radiographer Matt Hornbeck, does not go as hoped. Even
so, he is nearly caught out by Ginger; hurriedly putting on a
costume to hide his face, Don has to invent a masquerade party as
a reason, and invites her and her troupe to attend. Even so, most
anyone watching the movie might well think Beauregard must have
known the answer, or else he could not have completed any job
applications requiring that information. Even the hat check girl
rejects him. Even the smallest theft is strictly prohibited by
Royalty Airlines, and could mean termination. Even their other
mutual friend Skillz (Will McCormack) agrees that it is time for
the two to move on with their lives. Even then Megan continues to
lie to her fiancé about where she had been for the past week.
Even though Adam knows Kevin is right, he is still angry and
smashes a shot glass against the bar wall before storming out.
Even though Edvard suspects Scott cannot be trusted, Eddie and
Paige ask him for help with the media to try and stop the
minister's evil plans. Even though Hilda is still in love with
"the Count" and Steve with Ann, Hilda proposes they marry and
merge their racing interests. Even though Kelton follows their
every step, Peggy has a splendid evening with the new principal,
and they almost kiss at the end of the night. Even though Ludo
has cheated on her as well, he angrily argues that she herself
told him that, unlike men, women do not actually sleep with
someone without feelings being involved. Even though Matt has a
fiancée in Chicago who's eager for him to move there, Jenna and
Matt begin to fall for each other. Even though Spectacular. Even
though a little bit of conflict ensues over the matter between
them and Angel who sees what Buster is really up to, determined
to prove that he is a Junkyard Dog, Scamp complies. Even though
he finds they have separate (though adjoining) hotel rooms and
have registered as brother and sister, Freddie is not appeased.
Even though he hasn’t met the woman in person, he drops her name
to his friends and tells them that they are very well acquainted.
Even though he is disappointed, Hackensacker intends to go
through with his investment in the suspended airport, since he
thinks it is a good business deal and he never lets anything get
in the way of business. Even though he needs the money, Patch is
resistant, until he sees Janie dance and realizes her talent.
Even though neither has any interest in getting married and Jon
denies he is in love, he believes he really understands Esther
and that they can get emotionally lost in each other. Even though
she admits there could be something better out there for her, she
ultimately loves her husband. Even though she denies being
jealous, everybody knows how she really feels towards Miggy and
Belle's relationship. Even though she doesn't have a serious
interest in being a lesbian, she decides to sleep with Anne to
see if it excites her more than sleeping with men, which has so
far, been underwhelming for Rebecca. Even though the audience
seemed to enjoy Beca's remix, the Bellas come in third in the
competition behind the Treblemakers and the Footnotes. Even
though the dinner is awkward, they begin spending time together
although she insists to her mother and her employee Marty (Judy
Greer) that they are not "dating". Even though the two still
strongly care for each other, they end up sleeping with their
respective ex-lovers. Even though they have the money to pay the
employees' paychecks, money still goes missing, but they have
worse problems. Even though they share a flirty, romantic couples
skate, later on she rebuffs him yet again. Even when Helen gets
sick&mdash;which she says earlier in the film never happens to
her&mdash;Jessica is there to care for her. Even when they dance
together, the passion is gone. Even when they find time to go to
a movie, John Wayne is on screen, being considerate to his screen
wife (Angie Dickinson), which makes Janice weepy but Mickey finds
unrealistic. Even with the owner's help, Eliot continues to feel
out-of-place and eventually calls Cecil from the back of the
restaurant, confessing that he feels that his marriage will be
over before it begins. Even worse, he reveals that the dog is not
really his. Eventually Becker discovers that a local producer of
soft drinks run by an old eccentric has been successfully fending
off the American brand name products. Eventually Jacqueline is
haunted by her past, as her picture turns up in a tabloid
newspaper, and her husband catches a glimpse of his new bride's
flamboyant previous mistakes. Eventually Joe does serve her, but
is mugged soon thereafter. Eventually Julia accepts his apology,
and Jordan surprises her by purchasing a nearby vacant building
and remodeling it into the restaurant that Julia always desired
to own. Eventually Kent and Armstrong quarrel, and this leads
Kent to agree to her mother's request that she marry the
missionary (Arthur Hoyt). Eventually Leslie has him hired as a
supporting actor. Eventually Mary pretends to be in love with
Joe, and even tells her friend Suzy (Marlo Dwyer) about this.
Eventually Molly learns that her mother is involved in a scam and
has no feelings for Wilson. Eventually Robin cracks under the
pressure of being Phoebe's only friend and leaves on a plane with
a stranger she just met, informing Phoebe that she is too uptight
and immature, casually mentioning that she's never even had a
boyfriend. Eventually Viktor becomes the partner of Edward
Kaminsky, a veteran ad man who is hoping to retire soon and they
begin work on an idea that will keep Brainstorm alive through
Opel's money. Eventually after performing with Baldwin and the
Whiffles, Allison is persuaded by the newly established alliance
between the Drapes and her grandmother to stand by Cry-Baby and
join the campaign for his release. Eventually awakened by her
noisy incompetence in the kitchen, he watches her
surreptitiously. Eventually coming to his senses, and fearing his
wife's retribution, which he imagines in a fantasy scene,
Richard, paddle in hand, tells the young woman she can stay in
his apartment; then he runs off to catch the next train to Maine
to be with Helen and Ricky. Eventually explanations are made to
clear things up. Eventually he is caught and exposed as a
stowaway. Eventually he offers the solution that "everybody
should fuck everybody" until everyone is "all the same color"
stunning the audience and his interviewer. Eventually he receives
a phone call from Lance telling him to come to California for
Christmas break because he has set him up with the beautiful girl
(Nicollette Sheridan), assuring him she is a Sure Thing.
Eventually she dives in and swims over to his boat. Eventually
she does, but it ends poorly when Henry unintentionally hurts
Lucy’s feelings. Eventually the US Military found him and he was
cured of his amnesia and brought home across the Atlantic.
Eventually the family has to face the loan shark. Eventually the
two settle on a high-priced male gigolo (Ray Stevenson) for Jane,
who agrees to sleep with her for two thousand pounds. Eventually
the woman finds herself torn between her upscale life in a Sutton
Place apartment and the prospect of true love with the GI.
Eventually they conclude they won't find her as long as she wants
to remain hidden. Eventually they figure out the truth about each
other, and become friends. Eventually they give up, agreeing that
a standard marriage is easier, at least with the possibility of
divorce. Eventually they had three children, two girls and a boy,
and moved to Carshalton from Highgate to find a home. Eventually
this leads to them having sex with handcuffs and blindfolds in
the bedroom of the house which Sally has on the market, during
which she unexpectedly returns home. Eventually, Adam learns that
he has been part of Evelyn's MFA thesis project, a topic often
mentioned in conversation but never fully explained. Eventually,
Alexander Peabody (George Irving) shows up to verify everyone's
identity. Eventually, Bill realizes that this is where she
belongs - in a home, cared for by someone that can give her the
advantages that his homeless, nomadic existence lacks.
Eventually, Cody befriends and falls in love with Natalie after
saving her from falling off a ladder while putting up a banner,
and he is invited to her 16th birthday party, where he goes
undercover to her father's lab. Eventually, Dedee decides that
her son would be better off with Bill, who is now dating Dedee's
parole officer, and runs away. Eventually, Delilah finds out
about the deception. Eventually, Dick finds her and they get into
an argument at the gala's opening, which results in Jo being
publicly embarrassed and Maggie outraged. Eventually, Frankie
risks putting her in the junior welterweight class, where her
nose is broken in her first match. Eventually, Freddie pulls a
gun on Peter and threatens to shoot him. Eventually, Gerald gets
into trouble with both Liz and Prudence. Eventually, Green
becomes disillusioned with this life and makes a visit to a Red
Hook church where he is moved by an energetic musical performance
and approaches the altar to have the pastor lay hands on him.
Eventually, Grey gets Sue out and Bill is freed. Eventually,
Harold reaches the top, despite his troubles with a clock and
some hungry pigeons, and kisses his girl. Eventually, Helen
discovers that she is pregnant. Eventually, Holden is no longer
able to contain his feelings, and confesses his love to Alyssa.
Eventually, Jamal is given a chance to return to the men's
league, but the hearing takes place at the same time as the
Banshee's first playoff game. Eventually, Jeffrey leaves home to
pursue the sales job. Eventually, Jemima must make a choice and
tells her two suitors that she will deliver the news by
telephone. Eventually, Kelp's formerly timid father chooses to
market the formula (a copy of which Kelp had sent to his parents'
home for safekeeping), endorsed by the deadpan president of the
university who proclaims, "It's a gasser. Eventually, Lita
believes she has a millionaire interested in her, Carter.
Eventually, Lou and Connie cannot control themselves at a bridge
party: Lou assaults George, and Connie has a breakdown in front
of her friends. Eventually, Lucy realizes that she still loves
Jerry and decides to break off the engagement. Eventually, Maisie
and Morton fall in love and become engaged. Eventually, Marlin
and Doug figure this out due to Lucy singing The Beach Boys'
"Wouldn't It Be Nice" on the days when she meets Henry.
Eventually, Michael and Deb break up at his birthday party,
refusing to sleep with her when she intends for his birthday
present. Eventually, Priya and Granger are found out by her
parents and he learns that Priya is actually Jennifer David, and
also that she is engaged to Vikram. Eventually, Rick gets Karen
pregnant after they have sex only once, and he leaves her.
Eventually, Roberts secretly passed his name, captaincy, and ship
to Westley, just as his predecessor had done. Eventually, Susan
takes Julia's suggestion and elopes with Ritchie. Eventually,
Trevor sees Miss Dorothy and falls in love with her and vice
versa, leaving Millie heartbroken. Eventually, Vickie's AIDS test
comes back negative and Sammy comes out to his parents (and he
even starts dating) and the two manage to resume their lives.
Eventually, Wade does manage to get enough votes to meet her part
of the deal. Eventually, after losing her temper with a woman who
asks for her autograph, Lili refuses to continue unless the woman
is removed from the Studio. Eventually, all four find themselves
separately falling asleep in the glade. Eventually, but with some
hesitation, she goes to see Jeffrey (John David Souther), her
mother's first husband. Eventually, everything gets straightened
out, and the couple reconcile. Eventually, everything is
straightened out: Caroline gets Dennis, and Brooke gets Jenny.
Eventually, feeling as though he is betraying Dora, he attempts
to go back to her. Eventually, he finds her arm in arm with one
of her college professors and the two begin to argue whether this
is the "flexibility" they had discussed. Eventually, he lets her
take the five-day trip. Eventually, he opens the time capsule and
reads her letter and learns the root of her angst and behavior:
Gyeon-woo reminds her of her previous boyfriend who, rather than
breaking up with her, actually died before she met Gyeon-woo.
Eventually, he pushes her into the lake and runs off. Eventually,
his lies soon catch up with him and get him in trouble with his
paranoid boss (Dakin Matthews) and Darrin loses his job.
Eventually, however, romance blossoms, but when Moore learns that
Parks was coerced into initially dating her, she breaks up with
him. Eventually, in the final visit of the day, at Kate's
father's house, Kate asks Brad to let her spend the visit on her
own and claims to her family that they had split up. Eventually,
it all proves too much for Tony. Eventually, it becomes clear
that Ulysses' final speech was actually made by Jeff, who has
realized he cannot deal with people. Eventually, it is all sorted
out. Eventually, on the night before the election, both
candidates (for different reasons - Cole trying to get sympathy
votes, Harrison wanting the campaign to end and believes Cole
would be a better mayor than him) urge the voters to vote for the
other candidate by saying that neither of them will vote for
themselves. Eventually, only three residents are left: Mickey,
Donald, and Goofy. Eventually, she breaks her celibacy and starts
dating radio shock jock Matthew Starr, who is known for hitting
on his bimbo guests. Eventually, she comes to believe him, and
agrees to meet him at his apartment. Eventually, she runs off,
ripping off all her clothes and sleeping in the bushes somewhere.
Eventually, the baby arrives and the couple introduces Lady to
the infant, whom Lady grows fond of. Eventually, the calendar is
successful as publicity and women surround Kalispell. Eventually,
the clues lead Quentin to believe Margo may be hiding in or
buried in one of the many abandoned subdivision projects or
"pseudovisions" around Orlando. Eventually, the coal runs out,
stopping Old 97 and blocking traffic. Eventually, the innkeeper's
wife comes to the room (forcing Henri to hide on the ledge
outside the window) and explains everything to Catherine, but not
before Henri falls off the ledge. Eventually, the queen's
jealousy of her stepdaughter becomes so great that she orders her
killed. Eventually, the three generations are reconciled, and
Nellie and Dennis remain a couple. Eventually, the two start to
date and end up falling in love—without Ben realizing that
Nancy's ex-husband is J-Jizzy. Eventually, they go to Diamond
Jim's pool party where Carl decides to get transported home and
Lester decides to stay. Eventually, they graduate to full
intimacy, which is initiated by Jessica during an over night stay
at her parents' home in Scarsdale. Eventually, they learn that
Yvonne has become romantically involved with Ricardo, while Larry
and Rosalind also realize they are in love. Eventually, they
retrieve the rings in time for the end of the wedding ceremony,
but along the way, cause immense collateral damage and get
themselves dirty (after landing in a tar factory). Eventually,
with June dating Johann, Cristabel finally begins dating Nate,
per his original plan. Eventually, young Lucas meets his muse, a
young woman (with a very unusual hairdo) named Marion who is
"kind of leading a student rebellion". Ever After (known in
promotional material as Ever After: A Cinderella Story) is a 1998
American romantic comedy-drama film inspired by the fairy tale
Cinderella, directed by Andy Tennant and starring Drew Barrymore,
Anjelica Huston, and Dougray Scott. Ever hesitant, Marty
struggles to gather the courage to express his true feelings to
Sally and drew pictures of his friend and his experiences with
her in secret. Ever since Jeff Williams (Clark Gable) was a
child, he has been in love with Mary Clay (Joan Crawford). Ever
since a childhood tragedy where they accidentally killed a bum
sleeping in a friend's "secret clubhouse," they've kept their
firestarting abilities a secret. Ever since then, Jesse blames
himself for Lenny's death since it was supposed to be his watch,
and his life that would be lost. Ever since, he distrusts women,
especially those to whom he is attracted. Everett finds himself
attracted to the more outgoing Julie. Everett's brother Thad and
his partner Patrick have adopted a baby boy named Gus, and
Everett's other sister, Susannah, has had her baby. Every attempt
to catch Goodwin off guard or make him appear a fool fails. Every
day, Bryce watches Julianna climb the sycamore tree at the bus
stop, from which Julianna always watches the town. Every night
Rothbart asks Odette to marry him so he can rule William's
kingdom, but she refuses. Every quarter of a century, it must be
opened by a chosen member of the clan, known as "The One", to
enable stranded ghosts to cross over to the afterlife. Every time
Harold tries to switch places with Bill, the policeman appears
and chases Bill away. Everybody enjoys playing pranks on
Littleton Looney, so when he wins a voyage on a luxury liner,
word is mischievously sent ahead to the captain that Looney is a
rich and famous mining engineer. Everybody rushes to the venue
for the wedding, but they are too late, and their spot has been
taken; Candace runs away crying, and Michael leaves without a
word. Everyday routine has set in, with Ludo neglecting his
household responsibilities much to Anna's dislike, while he is in
turn annoyed by her constant complaining. Everyone at Illyria
celebrates their victory over Cornwall, except for Duke who is
hurt about Viola's deception. Everyone blames Miss Lily for their
bad luck, but Bronco Billy defends her and proposes that they rob
a train. Everyone celebrates the end of the summer with a pool
party ("All for One") which features a cameo appearance by Miley
Cyrus. Everyone congratulates her afterwards about her
engagement, but she thinks they are just fooling her. Everyone in
the family is throwing advice Eddie's way, even the ghost of his
father. Everyone is aware of her designs on the sexually naive
Blent, except for him. Everyone is dancing and having fun.
Everyone is digging into an abundant pile of food, chatting away,
while Sarah sits there with a look of awe on her face as she has
never experienced the holidays with Mauricio's family. Everyone
is happily sharing a "Christmas meal" in the hospital cafeteria,
when fortuitous Muzak leads the whole Cooper clan to joyfully
dance around the cafeteria. Everyone is having a blast and Jesse
takes the time to talk to Marissa. Everyone is impressed by her
act of generosity, while Mabrey sees it as a political maneuver.
Everyone is scared of him with the exception of the love-struck
Laida, who adamantly defends him. Everyone is touched by her
gesture, and Meredith relaxes slightly; but, when Everett asks to
talk to her, she demurs again and again until she blurts out that
she will not marry him. Everyone loves Matt's photos and Jenna's
new plans to save the magazine, but when Sparkle shows up yet
again with this exact material, including Matt's own photographs,
and with Lucy as their new head, Poise folds. Everyone panics
thinking he is losing his voice. Everyone present, even Rihanna
and the other performing squads, vote to replace Winnie as the
Pacific Vista High cheerleading captain. Everyone supports their
wishes except Elizabeth, who is unsure Danny can take care of
himself, let alone Carla, who becomes angry, telling her mother
she is sick of her dominance and doubt and is also sick of her
treating her like an embarrassment. Everyone then joins Hall &
Oates on stage. Everyone urges Izzy to finish him, but he
refuses, stating that he's tired of being mad before leaving the
gym. Everyone, except for Henry, is charmed by Dudley, even the
non-religious Professor Wutheridge (Monty Woolley). Everything
changes, though, when Denno produces the actual Schuyler, who is
very much alive. Everything gets straightened out in the end.
Everything goes well until Violet decides to confess to Tom about
kissing Winton. Everything is eventually straightened out, and
the happy couple are reunited. Everything is going well until Ely
starts disappearing when Naomi needs him. Everything is going
well until they realize that they have fallen in love with each
other. Everything is great until Nina announces that she is
pregnant. Everything is perfect again until Nina finds that her
love for George is growing every day, especially after he tells
her he had a girlfriend in high school, leading her to believe
they might have a sexual relationship. Everything was going fine
for hot young 25-year-old Jeana (Estella Warren) until her
newscaster boyfriend accidentally revealed on TV that Jeana
herself is still a virgin despite being in her mid 20s.
Everywhere he goes, viewers see classmates and teachers that
either resemble, or will influence the creation of, Obi-Wan
Kenobi, Darth Vader, Han Solo, Chewbacca, Jabba the Hutt, R2-D2,
and C-3PO. Evie Jackson (Geraldine Page) is a middle-aged, single
postmaster from Ohio who is attending a postmasters' convention
at a New York City hotel. Evie and Harry end up enjoying each
other's company over drinks and make a date for the next morning.
Evie and Randy, crying, scared and accusatory, take refuge in a
motel. Evie breaks up with her boyfriend Hayjay after he
complains of her distant attitude towards him. Evie is an only
child living with her well-off, cultured mother, Evelyn, who has
a difficult relationship with her remarried husband. Evie meets
Harry when they are forced to share a dinner table in the crowded
hotel restaurant, but Harry is more interested in buxom blonde
hotel shop clerk June Loveland (Barbara Nichols) than he is in
the overly friendly Evie, and quickly makes an excuse to leave
for a tryst with June. Evie optimistically thinks Harry is
planning to reveal that the apartment is intended for the two of
them to occupy, and is crushed when she realizes that Harry is
really planning to live there with his soon-to-be wife, Phyllis.
Evie records it in her diary later, apparently wondering what it
all means. Ex-husband Alexei, who is the Russian delegate at the
conference, threatens to derail the intense negotiations unless
he can have another sexual encounter with her. Exacerbating
matters further, he is attracted to one of his co-stars, Julie
Nichols (Jessica Lange), a single mother in an unhealthy
relationship with the show's amoral, sexist director, Ron
Carlisle (Dabney Coleman). Examples are the film Ever After,
Cinderella 3 and the Broadway revival. Exasperated, Jerry removes
his wig and shouts, "I'm a man. Except for Gulpje, Phileine has
offended or pissed off everyone else. Exiting his penthouse
suite, she encounters a man playing hop-scotch in the hallway,
and declines his invitation to join him. Expecting to die,
Daingerfield Phelps III (William Boyd) decides to fulfill his
fondest desire: to beat up his sergeant since training camp,
Peter O'Gaffney (Louis Wolheim). Explaining that since she is a
devout Catholic and doesn't believe in divorce, Alejandro asks
Ellie and Don to pretend to be married for the next three days.
Ezequiel and Paula finally become a couple. Ezequiel meets Paula
at the bank. FSG/MacMillan is publishing the book August 23,
2016. Fabian gives his phone number to call him during her stay
for a tour. Fabrizio Barbetti (Christian De Sica) and Lisa
Pinzoni (Sabrina Ferilli) are two remarried doctors who, since
divorce, have been simply unable to get along with each other.
Faced with homelessness from the loss of the house he had been
squatting in, Nick becomes rich beyond belief when an idea of
his, a wart watch, makes it big. Facilier intends for Lawrence to
marry Charlotte, after which he will kill Big Daddy and claim his
fortune. Facilier then offers Tiana to make her restaurant dream
come true in exchange for the charm. Facing a career-ending
scandal, not only for herself, but also for her editor, Dudley
Beecham (Robert Shayne), Lane is forced to comply. Facing
bankruptcy, he still refuses to give in. Facing ruin and a
pending divorce Freddie tries to kill himself by throwing himself
off the top floor of the hotel. Factory girl Joan Dodd (Medina)
and Jack Fowler (Hanley) are in love and expect to marry in due
course. Faisal poses as part of a news team requested by Aziz,
providing enough distraction for Dana to steal the ignition key
and flee the room. Fala, Cici's business partner, had Cici do her
boyfriend, Ricky, a favor by taking a car that he sold online to
the buyer in Los Angeles. Falling into a depression, Jenn is
visited by Kelly, who tells her that her adoption process failed.
Fallon takes the bet, whereupon the woman who turns up is
Herbert's wife. Family Entertainment logo appears with "That's
All Folks. Family and friends are seen celebrating at Nora and
Edward's street party wedding. Family friends Josh Shiffman and
Molly Mahoney play fiancée, but as they plan their phony wedding,
the two of them start to fall in love for real. Famous
entertainers perform, as do Jean and Patsy. Famous princesses of
books and classic films such as Snow White, Cinderella, Sleeping
Beauty, Rapunzel and Belle are convened when Little Red Riding
Hood announced the disappearance of princess Feiurinha. Fans of
Bao-long Wan lined up for the premiere hoping they could catch a
glimpse of the famous star. Far from quenching her attraction,
this merely confirms her hopes: "Oh Godfrey, now I know you love
me. Farmer Milt Dominy (Henry Hull) and his son Daniel (Lon
McCallister), who is called "Snug", commiserate with each other
about their loathing of Judith (Anne Revere), Milt's second wife,
and her brutish son Stretch (Robert Karnes). Farrell MacDonald)
if someone could get in trouble for helping someone if they
didn't know he was an illegal alien. Farrell insists, however,
that she perform a slow Middle Eastern-style dance, which bores
the audience. Farrell's "alibi" habit prompts Dolly to walk out
on him, whereupon he goes into a slump—which coincides with
attempts by gamblers to get Farrell to throw the World Series.
Fashion magazine editor Larry Blake (Douglas) marries ski
instructor Karin Borg (Garbo) on impulse, but she soon learns he
expects her to be a dutiful wife, and not the independent woman
she was when they met. Fast-talking Jimmy Bates (Lee Tracy) takes
over as publicity agent for a struggling carnival owned by
Colonel Munday. Fat Mike assumes that Jack wants to force Lee
into an affair, and after freeing her he delivers Lee to Jack's
flat. Fate arrives first at a refueling point, the small Western
frontier town of Boracho. Fate builds his own race vehicle, the
Hannibal Twin-8, complete with hidden devices of sabotage. Fate
demands a rematch: a race back to New York. Fate drives past to
claim the winner's mantle, but becomes indignant that Leslie let
him win. Fate is forced to masquerade as the Prince during the
coronation so that the rebels can gain control of the kingdom.
Fate lets them start first, then attempts to destroy their car
with a small cannon. Fate sneaks outside amidst the chaos, steals
the fuel he needs, and destroys the rest. Fate takes an ironic
turn as Lucy's brother, Freddy, meets George and invites him to
bathe in a nearby pond. Fate takes refuge in a bakery but falls
into a huge cake. Fate turns differently when the guy didn't
arrive to meet her in the restaurant and finds out on Facebook
that he has already committed himself to another girl. Father
Brian Finn (Edward Norton) has been dedicated to his calling
since he was a child and now shares the duties of a New York
parish with an older priest, Fr. Father Charles “Chuck” O’Malley
(Bing Crosby), an incoming priest from East st Louis, arrives in
New York City with an unconventional style that will transform
the parish life of st Dominic’s Church. Father and son have a
conversation about Jesse's experiences but Edy can't really get
much out of his son. Father thinks it over for a few moments as
the family watches him intently, and he graciously accepts the
young man, welcoming him to breakfast. Fay is the opposite from
Tom and has an overly high expectation of the men she dates; she
expects perfection and wants to emulate her parents' rock-solid
marriage. Fay panics and feels insecure in her own relationship
and forces Tom to go to great efforts to convince the woman who
has become his fiancée that their relationship is different and
that they are meant for each other. Faye falls ill on the trip
and is nursed by Guy. Fearful of bad publicity, Malone finally
gives in and cancels the rent, but gives Jane the train. Fearful
that she will demand money, Augie pleads with Dick to hire him at
the magazine, then give him a thousand dollar advance. Fearing
Antoine will kill him, Deuce is forced to find a way to pay for
the damage. Fearing Dynamite's anger, Rosie and Marie travel by
train to New York and disguises themselves as Girl Scouts of
America. Fearing her mother's nerves, Eve is willing to marry
Henry, so the four of them go to Mama Orrin's birthplace, where
the wedding is scheduled to take place on her birthday. Fearing
retaliation, Nick confronts Russell at work, and is confused and
surprised by Russell's even-tempered response to the situation.
Fearing that Derek's vow would ruin his plans, Rothbart sends
Bridget, his hag sidekick, to the ball disguised as Odette.
Fearing that Richard is a secret service operative, the owner of
the yacht, who is smuggling diamonds into the United States,
withdraws the invitation. Fearing that Slick will implicate her,
Tira asks Big Bill for a loan to retain her lawyer, Bennie
Pinkowitz (Gregory Ratoff). Fearing that he will be suspected of
the crime, Johnny enlists Emile's help in hiding the money.
Fearing that if he went back to the airport, the FBI would
question him and he would not make it to Memphis in time, he begs
Ivy to drive him all the way. Fearing that she'll lose her son
the same way she lost her career, she sets out to ruin Kevin and
Charlie's relationship. Fearing that their parents are
contemplating divorce, the kids have already arranged for Dave's
father, Grandpa Jim-Jim (played by Vince Vaughn's real-life
father, Vernon Vaughn) to babysit so their parents can go to
Eden. Fearing the baby will roll down the steps, Polly picks it
up. Fearing the ruin of both career and marriage, Sir Robert
submits to her demands. Fearing the worst, Gordon accuses Johnny
of criminal involvement, much to Kathy's dismay. Fearing the
wrath of the police squad, who found the sweet-natured baby and
have fallen in love with him, Stanley secretly prays that his
grandson will not start to scream when he picks him up. Fed up
with Waldo's lack of initiative during a four-year engagement,
Irene becomes infatuated with Charles. Fed up with being single,
she decides to distance herself from her gay friends in order to
find a straight boyfriend. Fed up with her dead-end job with a
Minneapolis car rental agency, Martha quits, cashes her final
paycheck, and uses the money to purchase an airline ticket to the
least expensive international destination she can find - London.
Fed up with the stress he is under, Norbit decides to leave town
for good, but first tries to warn Kate about Deion, but she
ignores him. Fed up, Roberta leaves, but Michael insists on
staying because he has to keep an eye on the earrings. Feeling
bad, the waitress Lani (Tia Carrere) suggests Bryan take Masha on
a romantic outing, to a secret beach encased by a tropical
rainforest to make it up to her. Feeling depressed and unwell,
Brett makes an awful impression on a celebrity client until
Archie appears and rescues the situation. Feeling emasculated by
this, Toninho has an affair with a neighbor. Feeling embarrassed
and rejected, Brian raids Anna's liquor cabinet, angrily cutting
off her attempts to re-assure him and apologize. Feeling
encouraged, Peter finally stands up to his insufferable
colleague, Tevin Downey (Rob Huebel), who had been badgering
Peter for half the selling rights to the lucrative Ferrigno
property. Feeling guilty for his thoughtless behavior, Stifler
convinces the florist to put together a new batch of flowers, and
he enlists the help of his football players and Bear. Feeling
guilty for taking advantage of Grace's kindness, she decides to
leave with Hughie. Feeling guilty, Justine suggests that she and
Phil should attend a church bible study that Corny, a security
guard, had invited them to. Feeling guilty, Megan tells the
police that she was the one driving the car. Feeling guilty,
Vicky does not mention the incident to Cristina, and the two
begin to grow apart. Feeling guilty, he leaves in a panic, and
ends up telling Brendan what happened, who goes ballistic as he
still has feelings for Sally. Feeling neglected, Rebecca leaves
him and moves in with Marty and Gail. Feeling objectified and
betrayed, Laney refuses to see Zack again. Feeling pity, Molly
insists they take him back in. Feeling rejected, Peter is about
to give up, when during an open house at Lou Ferrigno's mansion
which Peter is trying to sell, he meets Sydney Fife (Jason
Segel), an investor who is attending the showing simply to pick
up divorced women and take advantage of the free food. Feeling
responsible for Duke's psychological condition, Jo takes him to a
lakeside lodge for a rest cure. Feeling she is no good for
Morton, Maisie goes into hiding. Feeling slighted by Russo's
infidelity, Christy throws herself at Charles, but she ultimately
falls in love with Dolores's extramarital paramour Jose (played
by Sean Ferrer, who is Audrey Hepburn's son in real life).
Feeling socially awkward and excluded from the group she
eventually goes home. Feeling sympathy for her, Roz pushesJ.
Feeling that a relationship with Sara is unlikely, Harris begins
dating SanDeE* (Sarah Jessica Parker), a ditzy aspiring
spokesmodel, whom he meets at a clothing store. Feeling that he
is behaving too much like a playboy, Maggie admits that she
thinks that Pete could be a great newspaper man if he tried.
Feeling that he lied to her, Amelia confronts Viktor in Gate 67,
shocked at his predicament, and tries to learn why he came to New
York. Feeling the attraction between them, she struggles with
telling him she's married, then ends up leaving without telling
him. Feeling threatened, Lili decides to leave, but before she
does she bumps into Robert Latour. Feeling too silly to continue,
Chloe eventually leaves. Feelings quickly begin to run deeper
than before, as Anna, despite her workaholic tendencies, is as
vibrant as Brian and Jake remembered her; however, it is,
ironically, the men's careers that prove to be the most
problematic. Felix encourages Izzy to listen to her advice. Felix
learns that Mary Lee has already married someone else and must
break the engagement. Felix tells Jefferson that he is free to
pursue Elizabeth. Fella dreams nightly that his father is trying
to relay a message to him about where he has hidden his fortune,
but he always awakens before he learns the hiding place. Fella
gives the money to his stepfamily, saying he never needed money
to be happy, he only wanted a family. Fella is not allowed to go
to the ball, but his fairy godfather (Ed Wynn) says he will not
remain a "people" much longer, but will blossom into a "person".
Fellow department store shopgirls and roommates Gerry March
(Crawford), Connie Blair (Anita Page) and Franky Daniels (Dorothy
Sebastian) take different paths in New York City, but all seek to
marry wealthy men. Ferdi goes to Xavier Cugat’s club to see Dick,
who accuses Ferdi of being in love with Nora as well. Ferdi
reminds her that she barely knows anything about Dick. Ferdi tell
Nora about it, and she is heartbroken. Fernando goes off to get
something to drink and Jesse asks Marissa for a dance. Fife then
disqualifies them, but Doug, along with Fran's family, claps out
a beat which encourages Scott and Fran to "dance from the heart",
drawing cheers from the crowd and tears of joy from Doug. Fife
tries to cut the music and stop them from dancing but Scott's
sister Kylie and her partner Luke (from the children's division)
interfere until Fife's loyal companion Charm Leachman cuts the
music. Fifi hears her horoscope that advises her to "go outside
the door because love is waiting for [her]". Fifteen-year-old
Lucas moves from Stockholm, Sweden, to a small town in Norway.
Fighting stereotypes of dumb teenagers Rich, Treece and Cammy had
called the police. Filled with regret, Pete arranges to adopt
both Bobby and his little sister Suzi and bring them to Boston,
where he'll marry Emmadel. Filled with remorse, Eric rehires
Horace as chief of the repairs. Film footage of their real life
is shot without Janice's knowledge. Film publicist Lee Phillips
(Billy Crystal) is tasked with promoting a film featuring movie
stars Gwen Harrison (Catherine Zeta-Jones) and Eddie Thomas (John
Cusack). Film star Kay Winters (Carole Lombard) is traveling
through Paris under a wig and the pseudonym of Kay Summers with
her maid and companion Myrtle (Marie Wilson). Film star Ted
Crosley (Charles Starrett) is fed up with Hollywood and quits the
movies to enroll in college under a fake name. Film studio
"Ultimate Pictures" plans on producing an animal picture in
Africa. Filmed on location in Rome, Naples and Capri, It Started
in Naples was nominated for an Academy Award for its art
direction (Hal Pereira, Roland Anderson, Samuel Comer, Arrigo
Breschi). Filming of Horseshoe Theory took place in Mojave, CA
and Tarzana, CA over two days. Filmmaker Jason (Garikayi
Mutambirwa) is shooting a movie featuring Zack (Chris Salvatore).
Finally able to recognize that he is his own greatest limitation,
Sutter finishes his college application and commits himself to
becoming a more mature and responsible person. Finally as Erik
and Brandi reach the finish line, they steal a kiss, which is
then caught on camera for a news report on TV. Finally at the end
of the last party, Stifler manages to have a wild threesome with
the owners of the house. Finally fed up of Jackie's reckless
antics, her father sends her off to spend time with her mother
(Lorna Tolentino) on a medical mission camp in Tarlac. Finally
feeling well enough to appear on deck, Fred is immediately
smitten with a German "princess" (Betty Amann), who hits him in
the eye with the rope ring used to play deck tennis (a
combination of tennis and quoits which was at the time widely
played shipboard). Finally he lets her up to the room, only to
discover Polly (a family friend of the Lloyds) is now hugging mr
Lloyd. Finally realizing how much Leslie loves him, and how much
he loves her, Jimmy decides to remain in New York with her.
Finally seeing through him, the disgusted Isabelle races to her
grandmother's apartment, finding it empty with Ida sleeping on
the couch. Finally, Adam stands alone in the gallery, crying,
surrounded by the remnants of his life before and after Evelyn.
Finally, Archer crashes the Sommerfields' dinner party, and is
provoked by the guests' harsh comments into stating first that he
will be publishing the book and then that Martha is the author.
Finally, Boris hosts a New Year's Eve party, at which everyone is
seen in their new relationships: Marietta with Leo and
Morgenstern, John with Howard, Melody with Randy, and finally
Boris with Helena. Finally, Bruno gives Frost a check for
£10,000. Finally, Carlucci, Wendell and Pamela find the perfect
solution - their parents are buried side by side in Ischia (in
the Carlucci family plot) whilst Bruno takes his place in the
repatriated coffin, finding his way back to America after all.
Finally, Cedric pulls up to the hotel in a gaudy sports car,
happily getting away from his wife Gail (Wendy Williams).
Finally, Doberman surprises Mae by presenting himself as her
suitor. Finally, Eve's eyes are opened and she uses a "treat 'em
rough" theory on her mother. Finally, Frances and the Moor go to
her room, and the mask is removed: it was Hughson, a switch to
conceal Robie's exit. Finally, George decides to leave, when
Victoria surprises him by accompanying him to a nightclub
frequented by artists. Finally, Jane is becoming increasingly
unpleasant to be around, possibly because of her discomfort with
her age and her husband's sexual ambiguity. Finally, Jennifer
realizes that Patrick truly loves her and they end up together.
Finally, Lisa says goodbye to Matty and joins George outside.
Finally, Liz, having had a change of heart, turns on Barry and
Leachman and restores the music. Finally, Matt reasons with them
both and they cease fighting. Finally, Matthew proclaims his
passionate love to Patty, who sees his loving eyes, and they
kiss. Finally, Pedigrew agrees to set up Mike and Ollie in
business. Finally, Penny smiles as the screen fades to
white—everything is gone. Finally, Rudy, the new errand boy who
lives alone in the city, agrees. Finally, Sam Ransome bursts in
and declares that Carol is the mother of his children. Finally,
Stacy says to the camera, "Yeah, that's my boyfriend". Finally,
Willie manages to steal the train locomotive and tender, but the
tender derails, dumping him into the river towards the rapids.
Finally, a distraught Belle urges the Professor to forget his
wounded pride and go to Steve's corner to provide much needed
advice. Finally, a man of great quality comes along, however just
before he and Georgina kiss, Zach calls. Finally, after a long
search, Dick finds Jo (in the wedding gown) by a little church
where they shared a romantic moment during an earlier photo
shoot. Finally, after a series of ups and downs, both of their
budding relationships with others crash and burn, just in time
for a chance meeting on the MBTA train heading to Wonderland
station, on the outskirts of Boston. Finally, after being
comforted by Maria, Anni realizes that Rudi did the right thing
and she leaves the hotel after the manager demands payment of her
bill. Finally, an attorney representing the injured man barges in
to speak to Olaf, followed a little later by the Daytons, who
have their own quarrel with Olaf. Finally, as a happy Rad joins
Snug, Roarer concedes that at least the mules will still be in
the family. Finally, dr Ellison diagnoses an incurable disease
called a "brain cloud", which has no symptoms, but will kill Joe
within five or six months. Finally, he comes up with a solution:
he confesses to being his own killer. Finally, he convinces her
that he is sincere; mr Churchill insists that Toto give up his
women and carousing and stay away from his daughter for six
months to prove he has reformed. Finally, he finds a group about
to depart for Vegas, but, much to his surprise, finds out mid-
flight that they are the Utah chapter of the "Flying Elvises" - a
skydiving team of Elvis impersonators. Finally, he moves in with
his friend. Finally, he reveals that it was all a ploy to get
them to realize that his wealth is not something to be ashamed
of. Finally, he sues her for libel and the court takes it from
there. Finally, he tells the British people that he believes they
deserve a better monarch. Finally, he wants to dance. Finally, in
1942, lightning splits the tree, freeing the spirits of Jennifer
and Daniel. Finally, it is revealed that Annabel's mother herself
caused them to switch bodies through some unspecified means, and
the mysterious girl who took Ben was mrs Andrews in Annabel's
body (to which she is restored) made much more attractive by a
makeover mrs Andrews gave the body while using it, including the
removal of Annabel's braces, an appointment Annabel had forgotten
about (and would have missed, had she been the one in her body
that day). Finally, seeing Rodney, he confronts him, surprised to
find his hostility gone and him admitting that the Double Dutch
was cool. Finally, she finds the nerve to tell the disapproving
women of the Literary Circle that she loves him. Finally, she
learns that it is none other than Johnny. Finally, she socks him
in the jaw to stop him from chasing after Simone. Finally, she
throws up on a passenger and faints but not before she calls
Gyeon-woo "honey". Finally, the mystery maiden does show up, only
to tell him to stop looking for her. Finally, the spy case is
declassified. Finally, they begin krumping, wiping PV off the
stage and impressing Rihanna with their routine. Finally, they
dump their original dates and fall in love with each other.
Finally, they make it to a beautiful home that is owned by
Gloria/Marsha's parents. Finally, unable to wait any longer, Bill
suggests Harold climb the first story himself and then switch his
hat and coat with Bill, who will continue on from there. Finals
now come, and Larry is scheduled last. Financial problems force
young Boston widow Margaret Carey (Dorothy McGuire) and her 3
children to move out of their home. Finch has become involved in
the sexual art of Tantra, and claims that through Tantra he can
"make an orgasm last for days". Finch is sitting by himself when
Stifler's mom arrives. Finding Janet very attractive, Bruno does
not correct her error. Finding North tells the story of Rhonda
(Makkena), a bank teller who's depressed upon turning 30, and
Travis (Hickey), a gay man who's recently lost his lover to AIDS
and grown suicidal. Finding Westley's body, they enlist the help
of the King of Florin's former "miracle man", a magician named
Miracle Max who was fired by Humperdinck. Finding a canoe on a
river, they outrun the three culprits and find a friendly
welcoming old-time village. Finding a male stripper's thong
around her neck, Halley witnesses the break-up of her sister's
engagement. Finding her apparently dead, they bicker over
arrangements, only to be surprised when she rises as a zombie.
Finding her house, Steve learns she's a middle-class girl whose
dad, "Iron Mike" Burke, once played in a Rose Bowl game himself.
Finding herself in an intense relationship, and uncertain about
her future with them, Lina begins to fear getting hurt when the
summer ends and the Americans return home. Finding him
preoccupied by his book's publishing and an ongoing campaign to
become chairman of the English Department, Janet is again upset
by Lawrence's self-absorption and breaks up with him without
telling him the news. Finding his home empty but seeing the
meticulously prepared dinner and a present for her, she has a
change of heart and prepares a note for him in which she asks to
talk to him. Finding that he has forgotten his lucky saxophone,
Joe runs back to the Farnsworth mansion to find that everyone
believes Farnsworth has "disappeared". Finding that his
relationship with Natalie has become strained and a distraction,
David has her moved to another job. Finding the perfect location,
a restaurant whose owner is moving to another location, he asks
his wealthy Uncle Benjamin to lend him the money. Fini at first
refuses believing her not to be a doctor but "a nurse" because
she is a woman. Fini is immediately physically attracted to
Taylor, and even though he is married with two children, she
agrees to go out on a dinner date. Finnegan proposes that
Stacey's store sponsor a football team, which causes rival shop
owner Whimple to do likewise. Finstock's hope is that Todd has
the family genes to become a werewolf and turn Finstock's new
struggling boxing team into championship contenders. Fiona,
Brianna, and Gabriella are made by the District Attorney to work
off the money they stole from Sam at the diner, which is restored
to its former glory by its new owners, Sam and Rhonda. Fioravante
and Avigal meet several more times, culminating in a kiss in the
park. Fioravante is summoned to the long planned ménage, but is
unable to finish. Fioravante tells Murray he is leaving, but
reconsiders after an encounter with a beautiful woman. Fireworks
fill the night sky. First Lorena, then Patricia and finally Cici,
causing Tomás to overdose on alcohol and tranquilizers and pass
out again. First by ordering pizza for the team and serving a
slice himself to her, which Laida ignores. First he finds out
that he has missed the promotion opportunity at work by his bad
tempered and disapproving boss, Strothers, and then he catches
his wife a couple of days before Christmas having an affair with
Strothers. First is Widow Louisa Windeatt, but Sweetland is
shocked and mad when she rejects his advances and says she is too
independent for him. First they are bumped out of the front of
the line of an upscale seafood restaurant in favor of arrogant
local sailing champion Al Pellet, who becomes Jack's main nemesis
throughout the film. First, Ace is confronted by the family of a
former lover, Cherry, who insist he marry her. First, Jean falls
hard for Pike and shields him from her card sharp father. First,
Schultz comes for his money. First, a mr Nizby (Donald Meek)
shows up and hands them the keys to the warehouse, announcing
they now own it. First, she does not like it when Tony invites
two female friends and their dates to their table. Fisheries
expert Alfred Jones (Ewan McGregor) receives an email from
financial adviser Harriet Chetwode-Talbot (Emily Blunt), seeking
advice on a project to bring salmon fishing to the Yemen—a
project being bankrolled by a wealthy Yemeni sheikh and supported
by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. Fitz Wynn, a truly
talented but overly-satisfied stage actor, wants to star in a new
movie written by his wife, Lily. Fitz proceeds to orchestrate his
own transformation into Roberto Terranova, a blonde Italian who
seems to be exactly what Lily wants. Fitzgibbon is inclined to
look the other way, siding with the boys because of their
frequent church attendance. Fitzgibbons, a criminal who escaped
from a federal prison, agrees to be a groomsman because there
will be seven bridesmaids to hit on. Five days later Steve
informs Hal that Rosemary’s Peace Corps partner, Ralph, wants to
be in a relationship with her again. Five months later, after
going out, Sabrina tells Jason about her job offer in China and
asks him to still be with her in a long-distance relationship but
Jason declines. Five years after the first film, Crown Princess
of Genovia Amelia "Mia" Thermopolis (Anne Hathaway) has just
graduated from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School and
is returning to Genovia with her bodyguard Joe (Héctor Elizondo).
Five years earlier, Welbach had caused a traffic accident in
which he hit the car of local mobster Arnold Margolese, who was
jailed for five years after the police searched his car following
the crash, finding someone tied up in his trunk. Five years
later, Dennis discovers that Libby, who has their son, Jake, has
started seeing successful but arrogant Whit (Hank Azaria) and
realizes that he has truly lost her. Five years later, in Vienna,
Carl is a bandleader, and Sarah (now called Sari), sings his
songs, but she is unhappy with their new employment at Schlick's
Café, a racy establishment where she is expected to dance with
the patrons, and perhaps more ("Ladies of the Town"). Flame also
has apparently developed some remorse at her part in the plot
against Beauregard, and also affection for him. Flame, a la
Delilah, intends to seduce Bottomley to find out his Achilles'
heel, a subject that will stump him. Flashback to modern time,
Biyun is living in New York. Flashbacks of an alcoholic father
mix with sexual fantasies of the lovely Lola but quickly reveal
that mom's in bed, too. Flashbacks reveal that his marriage to
Hannah fell apart after they were unable to have children because
of his infertility. Flint is very heterosexual and the two are
wary of each other to begin with. Flora, being a level-headed,
urban woman, determines that she must apply modern common sense
to their problems and help them adapt to the 20th century.
Florist Genevieve Gernier (Vardalos) believes that the best way
to achieve romantic fulfillment is to never go on more than five
dates with the same man. Flux joins him, playing background
music, and mr Romano reprises his dream as a rock star by playing
a guitar during the song. Flying to Europe for their honeymoon,
they attempt to consummate their marriage by joining the mile
high club, but fail rather publicly. Foley dies after retrieving
the stones, and a codicil to his will demands that curling rink
he formerly coached be re-assembled, and enter a bonspiel to win
the Golden Broom by placing a stone containing his ashes on the
button. Folklorists often interpret the hostility between the
stepmother and stepdaughter as just such a competition for
resources, but seldom does the tale make it clear. Followed by
the crowding townspeople, he forces her to walk with him the five
miles back to Inisfree and directly to the Danaher farm.
Following Ben's advice, she sends her mother orchids and other
gifts and love notes, and is soon communicating with her mother
as this fictitious admirer (who Holly names Ben) via the
internet. Following Dick's mind-probing, one of the Destroyers,
Sibor (Wallace Shawn), has a change of heart when asked to
execute the Earthman. Following Margie and Dudley onto the
Richmond Ferry, Torchy confronts them, insisting that a marriage
must have only "one quarterback". Following Susan's instructions,
servants drive away their cars, leaving them stranded for 48
hours in their isolated honeymoon cabin. Following a botched
contract, Martin receives an invitation to his 10-year high
school reunion in his hometown of Grosse Pointe, Michigan.
Following a chaotic birthday party for Jason at Alex and Leslie's
place in Brooklyn, Jason and Julie discuss how it would be better
to have children first, to 'get it out of the way' since 'time is
running out', and only then meet the person that you wanted to
marry. Following a climactic sword duel with Leslie, Von Stuppe
attempts escape by leaping to a waiting boat, but bursts the hull
and sinks it. Following a day with his eleven-year-old aunt
Annabel and four-year-old half-brother Matthew, Joe enters
Kathleen's store to let his younger relatives experience story
time. Following a series of other misfortunes, Bruce takes out
his frustration on God (Morgan Freeman), blaming Him and claiming
that He is "the one who should be fired". Following an argument
between Cynthia and Jason, the men and women split up. Following
an unusual biology lesson ("Reproduction") given by mr Stuart
(Tab Hunter), a substitute teacher, a gang of rival motorcyclists
called the Cycle Lords (most of whom are members of the defunct
Scorpions) led by Leo Balmudo (Dennis Stewart) surprise the
T-Birds at the bowling alley. Following her advice, Duke arranges
a date with Michele at a nightclub. Following her rules would,
she believes, help to give women a boost in the workplace and in
the world in general. Following her termination, Mary decides to
track Steve around the country in the hopes of winning his
affection. Following her wedding, Viola learns that the play will
be performed that day, and runs away to the Curtain. Following
his uncle's death, Max is the sole beneficiary of the French
property. Following the advice in Sophie's reply, Claire decides
to look for her long-lost love, Lorenzo Bartolini (Franco Nero).
Following the break up, Stu and Chuck decide to attend the
wedding of one of Chuck’s ex-girlfriends, Katie. Following the
bride and groom's first wedding dance, the groom calls Harvey up
to dance with his daughter. Following the death of her parents,
the book's heroine, Flora Poste, finds she is possessed "of every
art and grace save that of earning her own living". Following the
death of the town mayor, the town council decides to approach
former president Cole about running for the office. Following the
funeral, John and Max call off their feud again and John and
Ariel reconcile. Following the game, awkward small talk led her
to offer him first a ride up town and then a glass of wine on her
balcony. Following the reception, Harvey and Kate walk and talk
through London until dawn. Following the reception, Toula and Ian
drive away to begin their married life. Following the shoot,
Gabriel tells Billy that his relationship with Natalie is over.
Following the success of Jerry's opening night in London, Jerry
follows Dale to Venice, where she is visiting Madge and
modelling/promoting the gowns created by Alberto Beddini (Erik
Rhodes), a dandified Italian fashion designer with a penchant for
malapropisms. Following the wedding ceremony, Miles runs into his
ex-wife Vicki and meets her new husband. Following their first
full sexual experience, zerophiliacs begin to change sex after
experiencing an orgasm. Following this confrontation, Megan is
sent to True Directions, a reparative therapy camp which uses a
five-step program (similar to Alcoholics Anonymous' twelve-step
program) to convert its campers to heterosexuality. Following
this, Archie proposes using the Blackberry Brett bought him but
she turns him down, telling him that they see each other as
teacher and student and not as equals. Following this, Mark gains
the courage to break up with the woman he's been dating as a
"beard" and to come out to his father. Football player Tod Lowell
is the son of a man running for governor, who needs the support
of a political boss. For Ava, it was Henry. For Bernardo is a
great opportunity because this interview will allow him to
rebuild his career; but the interview that he does to an
important customer, poorly fitted by his friend Camilla, is
tragically recorded without audio. For Debbie's birthday, the
couple goes on a romantic weekend to a resort. For Ellen Grant
(Ball), the worst student at the Woodruff Secretarial School, it
comes as a great surprise when Dick Richmond (Holden) hires her
to work at his realty company. For Julie's birthday, Julie ask
Tom to go with her to meet her parents. For Lady Chiltern, their
marriage is predicated on her having an "ideal husband"—that is,
a model spouse in both private and public life that she can
worship: thus Sir Robert must remain unimpeachable in all his
decisions. For Rita to endorse the lipstick, however, Rock has to
pretend to be her boyfriend to make her real boyfriend, Bobo
Branigansky (Hargitay), the star of a TV Tarzan show, jealous.
For Tanzie, it was Rick. For a ceremony, Mia is to ride
sidesaddle but does not know how. For a full night, Jack and
Emily engage in a twisted and thrilling courtship of the sexes
that leads one to wonder which one of them will survive the
night. For a long time Penelope swims under the sea until sunset
where she surfaces to find a nearby island. For a time Puckett
pretends he underwent a conversion to Bismark's way of thinking.
For a time, Jenny and Patrick enjoy a carefree period of 'going
steady' but this is not enough for Patrick, who finds himself
sexually frustrated. For a while, Milly and Jess are estranged.
For all of his newly learned sexual prowess, Ben is still a good
person at heart, and when he's given a resident assistant named
Becky (Jennifer Jostyn), the young man realizes that true love is
more important than a string of sexual conquests. For an
assignment in which the students were required to write their own
version of William Shakespeare's Sonnet 141, Kat reads aloud a
poem titled "10 Things I Hate About You", revealing that she
still loves Patrick. For example, Basil accidentally walks in on
Jean hugging mr Lloyd, and not realising that they are family he
tries to keep mrs Lloyd from the room where he saw them
embracing. For example, everything that she is told, she takes
literally; and she dislikes physical contact with strangers. For
example, they open bank accounts in order to receive a free
ceramic piggy bank and get their $20 checks cashed, then close
their accounts without having to pay a fee. For example, when
Cathy's mother comes to visit and is checking into a hotel on the
island, the desk clerk asks a woman checking out "how many
douches did you have ma'am. For her first public tryout, Higgins
takes Eliza to his mother's box at Ascot Racecourse ("Ascot
Gavotte"). For her part, Becca is no happier with her husband
Vernon, an immature man who is only interested in hanging out
with friends in his man cave, drinking and watching sports and
videos. For his latest bet, Robert is challenged to take in a
mail-order bride and not have sex with her for two weeks. For his
third attempt, Peter decides to announce the marriage to his
parents at the university's student-faculty prom. For his
upcoming trip to Prague, the president agrees to assign only two
agents to watch over Anna, whose Secret Service codename is
Liberty. For most of the ten-round fight, Steve gets pummeled by
the much heavier Carnera. For publicity's sake, Teddy invents a
story that Alec and Susan are involved in a romance. For revenge,
she decides to marry an oafish suitor named Freddie (Jean
Parédès). For some time, they live together in her apartment in
Brooklyn. For the first time in his life, Miggy garners the
gumption to apologize and this new-found humility opens up a
whole new world of “firsts” for Miggy. For the gang’s first night
off, the sheriff is throwing a party in a field on Val’s
property. For the next month or so, things remain calm, until
Stanley is awakened by a late night call from Buckley, who says
that Kay has left him "for good". For the next two years, Wayne
schooled Connor in the art of seduction. For the past eight years
he actively has pursued his former girlfriend Isabella, despite
the fact she is married and has three children. For the past four
years, he has been trying to assemble the skeleton of a
Brontosaurus but is missing one bone: the "intercostal clavicle".
For the past ten years, Baltimore industrialist Wendell
Armbruster, Sr. For the remainder of the year between the first
and second Thanksgiving gatherings, Elliot and Lee carry on their
affair despite Elliot's inability to end his marriage to Hannah.
For the scholarship, Casey must present a personal summer project
about physics. For the second half of the film, all pretenses of
a storyline are effectively abandoned as the film instead becomes
a variety showcase of comedy, song, and dance, with all of the
performers (save Kelly and Grayson) appearing as themselves. For
the show's finale, a blindfolded Bronco Billy shoots balloons
around a female assistant on a revolving wooden disc, and for the
last balloon, he throws a knife. For the woman, much to the
chagrin of Jimmy, George selects Betty Duncan, a bored socialite
acquaintance of the two, who seems much more interested in
solitary pursuits than men. For their anniversary, Carrie gives
mr Big a vintage Rolex watch engraved with a romantic message,
while he, much to her dismay, shows her a new TV in their bedroom
as his gift, which Big says they can use to watch old movies
together, something they did at the hotel at Anthony and
Stanford's wedding and seemed to enjoy. For their first home,
they live in an apartment on the top floor of a brownstone in New
York City. For their own safety, they are permitted no outside
contact via telephone or e-mail. For their wedding anniversary,
Elvira books an ocean cruise to Rio de Janeiro but her husband
claims that unexpected business will prevent him from going. For
this, Gidget tries to make Jeff jealous by flirting with Eddie.
For this, it makes use of all the military power of the kingdom,
destroying it almost completely. For years, Tucker has been
driving away potential rivals through slander, including one oft-
mentioned suitor referred to only as "Brett". Forced to admit
Ellen is a good reporter, he finally wins her hand. Forced to
care for the baby, Polly makes do and grows fond of him. Forced
to confront situations beyond their control, they share their
feelings, support each other, and question the true meaning of
their lives. Forced to move in with her little brother and to
cope with being 35, single and unemployed, she begins an unlikely
romance with a younger man—her brother's best friend, Byron.
Forced to put up with the pesky Miss Novak—the two simply cannot
get along—Kralik is grateful that his anonymous correspondent is
nothing like her. Forced to spend more time together, the two end
up telling each other what they did wrong the previous night,
convinced that they will never see each other again, and Megan
suggests that they "try again". Forced to stay over night for
treatment he misses the appointment with Kate, who turned up as
agreed and waited for him. Foreign correspondent Carey Jackson
returns to New York City when his newspaper's Vienna office is
closed and is offered a job on a women's magazine called Home
Life. Foreign correspondent Pat O'Toole (Cary Grant) suspects Von
Luber of being a Nazi sympathizer and tries unsuccessfully to get
information from Katie by deceit, but is warned off by Von Luber.
Foreign correspondent Rickey Mayberry (Dennis Morgan) hurriedly
flies back from Spain to theS. Forgetting that Saturday is the
day of the scavenger hunt, he agrees. Former President of the
United States Monroe "Eagle" Cole retires to his vacation home in
the town of Mooseport, Maine to escape from his ex-wife
Charlotte. Former taxi driver Ollie (Richard Erdman) drives them
around in a sound truck from a local music store in exchange for
providing advertising over a loudspeaker. Former teen salsa
champion Bruce Garrett is now an engineer. Forrest and Jenny
return to Greenbow with Forrest Jr. Forrest donates much of his
money to various causes, including a substantial sum to Bubba's
family, and continues to live in the house where he grew up,
taking a job as a groundskeeper. Forrest is discharged and moves
in with Dan and they spend the holidays together, with Forrest
explaining his and Bubba's plan to go into the shrimping business
and his intentions to fulfill Bubba's dream, which lt Dan
disdainfully mocks. Forrest is raised by a single mother (Sally
Field) who runs a bed and breakfast for travelling folk including
at one point a young Elvis Presley, and has to wear leg braces to
fix a crooked back. Forrest is wounded in the buttocks while
saving members of his platoon—including Lieutenant Dan—and is
awarded the Medal of Honor, presented to him by President Lyndon
Johnson at the White House. Forrest returns home when his mother
falls terminally ill and stays with her until her death. Forster
ends by stating that George and Lucy await World War III, but
with no word on where they live, for even he does not know.
Fortuitously, though the boat is wrecked the tide takes them
straight to Cutthroat Island, which is uncharted land northeast
of Cuba. Fortunately for Jones, he forgets to bring the check and
unwittingly leads the police back to Mannion's hideout.
Fortunately for her, Roger believes that she is using Madison as
a ruse to get acquainted with him. Fortunately, Aunt Lucy
recognizes Tommy and sets her niece straight. Fortunately, Bates
(Eric Blore), Horace's meddling English valet, disguises himself
as a priest and conducts the ceremony; Horace had sent Bates to
keep tabs on Dale. Fortunately, Connie and Bill manage to show
Gladys that she really loves Warren. Fortunately, Dal and
Inspector Doremus are able to subdue the culprit. Fortunately,
Jean Cabot informs him that he ran into Germaine and explained
the whole thing to her. Fortunately, Joe is able to construct a
raft by lashing together his steamer trunks. Fortunately, Joel
and his friends manage to get everything moved back in just as
his parents walk in, though his mother notices a crack in her
egg. Fortunately, Johnny discovers by accident that Mibs's adding
machine is malfunctioning: according to it, 2+2=5 and 3+3=7.
Fortunately, Lucille (Willie Best), a male auto court employee,
tells Otley that he did see Don sleep outside, so the colonel
does not press charges. Fortunately, Phelps reads Mirza's warning
note in time, and the two escape. Fortunately, Sally is extremely
persistent, going to outlandish lengths to keep him out of her
rival's clutches. Fortunately, Terry survives. Fortunately, Timmy
comes to the rescue of both the fairies and Tootie and battles
with both his enemy and a toy robot that Magnate brought to life
with the fairies' magic. Fortunately, dr Dumont arrives and
divulges Toto's condition. Fortunately, dr Friedrich Jüttner
(Jean Hersholt), his new tutor, proves to be sympathetic, and
they become lifelong friends. Fortunately, he is not seriously
wounded. Fortunately, he's got a very pretty daughter, Princess
Sofia (Barbara Snellenburg) and the dowry he will get from
marrying her off to the unappealing, but wealthy heir to a
similar nearby principality will more than get his tiny country
in the clear. Fortunately, her brother Filo – whose only super
power is to be unbearably clever – is always responsible for
covering the destructions that Poli produces with her bungling
and avoid that her secret gift is discovered. Fortunately, his
new love, Marion does a good job of convincing them. Fortunately,
his uncle notices that one of the scraps is part of an advance
royalty check for $3,000; the accompanying letter states that the
book will be published as a comedy. Fortunately, it turns out to
be a mistake; the machine fired everybody in the company,
including the president. Fortunately, on the day of her marriage
to her co-star, phony-count Andre Telfair (Paul Ralli), Billy
bursts in and, by means of another spritz of seltzer in her face,
as well as a custard pie in Andre's, brings her to her senses,
rescuing her career and their mutual happiness. Fortunately, she
learns that Parker will be at a party at the home of her friend
Alice Connell. Fortunately, that night Andie and Ben happen to be
in the same place and as Judy and Judy refer to Andie as "the
blonde with the pretty smile", Ben thinks it is a done deal.
Fortunately, they are near New York harbor. Fortunately, when he
leaves, he sees by the church clock that Meekin's watch is fast.
Foster shows a series of episodes in which Daniel did not
overcome his fears, as well as various other bad decisions and
mishaps. Four friends who recently graduated from college live
together in Houston, Texas. Four months later, newly arrived
Barden freshman Beca Mitchell (Anna Kendrick) has no desire to
attend college, but she is forced to do so by her father (John
Benjamin Hickey), a professor at the university, with whom Beca
has a strained relationship. Four months later, while Georgina is
running her breasts and belly feel sore and goes to a clinic for
a pregnancy test. Four socialites unexpectedly clash: heiress
Brooke Carter runs into the Italian gambler Johnny Spanish at the
race track while playboy Michael Pritchard nearly runs into stage
star Kitty O'Kelly with his car. Four specialists eager and
willing to drop bombs" - and receive their checks. Four teenage
boys who irritated Robert on the drive to his villa, including
Tony (Bobby Darin), set up camp right outside of the villa and
begin courting the girls. Four weeks later, Consuelo finds
herself still saddled with Terry, who has refused to accompany
his songwriting partner Chappie Champagne to New York City to
promote their latest tune. Fourteen years later, Tiana has grown
into an aspiring young chef who works as a waitress for two local
diners, so she can save enough money to start her own restaurant,
a dream she shared with her deceased father James. Foussard's
funeral is marred by Danielle's loud accusation that Robie is
responsible for her father's death. Fowler Pettypacker (Tully
Marshall), a Wall Street banker, is debating whether or not to
accept an offer from Ivor Nassau (C. Fran deserts Sheldrake at
the party and runs to Bud's apartment. Fran eventually admits
that she doesn't want to get married. Fran finally realizes that
Baxter is the man who truly loves her. Fran insists on resuming
their gin rummy game, telling Bud that she is now free as well.
Fran is also attending and introduces Mary to her fiancé 'Eddie'
who turns out to be Steve. Fran kisses Bud for not revealing her
affair with Sheldrake to Karl, and Bud, sensing that she now
cares for him, smiles and says the punch "didn't hurt a bit".
Fran offers to aid her, but when she crosses paths with dr
Briones, she dismisses her friend to spend a romantic afternoon
with him. Fran offers to cancel her plane to stay with Briones in
Malagá, helping him to save money for his clinic, though he has
too much pride to ask her not to leave. Fran returns early from
her trip and comes to speak with Mary. Fran returns home to
Madrid, telling her friends that Briones was too poor to support
her. Fran reveals she is going on a week-long business trip, and
leaves Mary and Steve to continue with the wedding preparations.
Fran spends two days recuperating at his apartment, while Bud
tries entertaining and distracting her from any further suicidal
thoughts, talking her into playing numerous hands of gin rummy.
Fran, an aspiring actress, flamenco dancer and singer, stumbles
upon an attractive Spanish doctor dr Andres Briones (André
Lawrence) and immediately falls for him, even though he does not
seem to be interested. Frances demands a private meeting with
Paul, during which he reveals his romantic attraction to Frances.
Frances eagerly pursues the part in Ricardo's play, and though
she is virtually assured of the role, Ricardo asks her not
publicize the news until a final decision is made. Frances leaves
Paul in disgust, but the situation is soon clarified when Paul
tells Gregory that he had only just met Nancy on the boat.
Frances sees through Robie's cover as an American industrialist.
Frances tells Simon that Terri plans to live with her aunt Nina
(Rebecca De Mornay) in Palm Desert for the summer and allows her
daughter to travel to Los Angeles. Francesca agrees to the sale
as long as Nick is placed in charge of the project, and the two
embark on a somewhat tempestuous relationship. Francesca owns La
Fortuna, a picturesque vintage apartment complex (filmed at the
historic El Cabrillo). Francesca visits Teglash while he is
asleep, prompting a dream in which Angelina joins him for dinner
and demands a kiss. Francey agrees to leave, but the incident
releases thirty years of marital frustration in mrs Morgan, who
also decides to leave her husband. Francey tells Peter she will
leave him unless he can change his father's mind before her train
departs. Francis gets a job in a department store owned by
Stacey's father, where salesgirl June Cort develops an attraction
to him. Frank (Brent Florence) is a Northern California 20-year-
old who has just been dumped by his girlfriend. Frank Cross is an
inconsiderate and arrogant executive in the IBC television
network headquarters. Frank Farrell (Joe Brown) is an ace
baseball player whose insistence upon making up excuses earns him
the nickname "Alibi Ike". Frank Keane (Robert Carlyle) is a baker
grieving his wife's recent death and living in a near catatonic
state. Frank and Breezy’s relationship continues to strengthen
platonically, and he protects her from trouble. Frank and Chaz,
revealed to have also survived although under arrest, encourage
Ryan to proclaim his love to Deb. Frank and Elaine are seeing
other people. Frank and Elaine conspire behind their daughter's
back to adopt their own grandchild. Frank and Meredith, along
with the other members of the dance class, continue to find
friendship and healing in each other. Frank and Penny depart,
leaving Dodge behind. Frank and his assistant travel there too.
Frank attempts to drug Deb so they can leave her behind, but she
hands the drugged food to their security guard. Frank begins to
show empathy. Frank came to Seattle because his divorced wife
took a job in the city's pharmaceutical industry; Frank moved for
the sake of their daughter, Julie. Frank convinces him to go to
Baltimore to ask his estranged parents for money. Frank dives
into an elevator, and finds the Ghost of Christmas Future,
appearing as a towering cloaked skeleton with tortured souls
trapped inside his ribcage and a TV for a head, waiting for him.
Frank eventually scatters his wife's ashes; an act he had been
unwilling to perform in the past, and begins to put his life back
together. Frank falls for her poetry tutor, who hates mature
students. Frank gives Laura his biopsied mole in a box as a
present as their last fight involved her anger at him for not
getting it checked by a doctor. Frank goes in search of Steve's
friend and arrives at a ballroom dance class. Frank goes on-
camera, improvising a speech that denounces his own decision to
run a live show on Christmas Eve instead of taping it, and
explains what he has learned over the last few hours. Frank
happens upon a car accident and meets the loquacious and
insightful victim, Steve Mills (John Goodman). Frank ignores the
attack against the advice of others and forms a friendship with
Meredith - who is revealed to be Randall's stepsister rather than
abused girlfriend as was initially believed. Frank initially
refuses but relents when Ryan threatens to stay behind. Frank is
physically and socially awkward, reserved, and homosexual; he
shares a friendship with his younger sister Lilly, a small,
romantic girl who has "stopped growing". Frank packs; Karel walks
out, and Sylvia cries. Frank privately tells Ryan the governor
has arranged a helicopter for them, and Ryan insists they take
Deb. Frank returns to his office where he is repeatedly shot at
by a furious Eliot, whose life he has ruined. Frank reveals that
the marriage was done to allow Maria, then an immigrant, and a
member of Frank's congregation, to stay in theS. Frank shares his
job selling newspapers with Karel and takes over after school.
Frank simply cannot cope with the age issue. Frank struggles to
escape through a boarded-up door, but when he forces the door he
crashes through the IBC set during the final rehearsal. Frank
takes this into consideration, while still growing closer to
Breezy. Frank tells her that he has divorced his wife. Frank then
sees himself in a casket at a funeral only attended by James and
his wife, Wendie. Frank's friends from grief therapy convince him
to continue with the dance class and soon the entire therapy
group has joined in. Frank's only solace is in the world of
television, foreshadowing his eventual career path. Frank, a
guard at the bank forced into retirement, helps by informing the
robbers when there is a lot of money in the vault. Frankie (Craig
Ferguson), a hopeless romantic trapped in the fifties and still
sharing a house with his ex. Frankie (Ione Skye) works at her
uncle Leo's Cafe Blue Eyes in San Francisco (named in honor of
family friend Frank Sinatra), and is hoping to meet her ideal
lover, ideally one with blue eyes like Sinatra, while going to
auditions with her friend Allison (Jennifer Aniston). Frankie
Stone (Ann Magnuson) is hired to do public relations for the
project. Frankie Vaughan appears as a singer in the revue, while
Milton Berle, Gene Kelly, and Bing Crosby appear in cameo roles
as themselves trying to teach Clement how to deliver jokes,
dance, and sing, respectively. Frankie also develops feelings for
the android and befriends Jeff on a lesser level. Frankie and Tad
don't have the hearts to tell their girlfriends Bess and Midge,
who have worked hard to prepare the party, and instead look for a
replacement for Bob for the evening. Frankie begrudgingly accepts
a fight for her against a top-ranked opponent in the UK, where he
bestows a Gaelic nickname on her. Frankie comes to establish a
paternal bond with Maggie, who substitutes for his estranged
daughter. Frankie gives Herk seasick pills and eventually his
rowing performance improves. Frankie is finally willing to
arrange a title fight. Frankie is fired from her job and
forbidden contact with Ulysses or anyone on the project. Frankie
is shown experiencing the first three of the five stages of
grief: first seeking multiple doctors' opinions in denial, then
blaming Scrap in anger and later trying to bargain with God
through prayer. Frankie is the coxswain on the rowing team at
Rawley University. Frankie persuades Jeff to come, but Ulysses
again absconds from the lab and gate-crashes the wedding. Frankie
sneaks in one night, unaware that Scrap is watching from the
shadows. Frankie suffers from insomnia, and has not slept through
the night since childhood, when her parents were killed in a car
accident. Frankie's mother, (Polly Bergen) learns from Frankie's
ex-boyfriend's (Steve) mother that Frankie has a doctor boyfriend
(Jeff) and expects Frankie to bring him to the wedding of
Frankie's sister. Frankie's prize prospect, "Big" Willie Little,
signs with successful manager Mickey Mack after becoming
impatient with Dunn's rejecting offers for a championship bout.
Franky falls in love with Sanderson, who spoils her with diamonds
and silk. Frank’s friends are established and successful, and
while they never seem to question his relationship with her, the
imploring question of guilt is rampant in Frank’s mind. Franny
finds success as a movie actress and marries Junior Jones, now a
well-known civil rights lawyer. Franny's inheritance sometimes
causes tension between her and her accountant husband, who likes
to spend it. Fraser was a member of the Olympic team in 1940
(cancelled) and 1948. Fraser". Fraternal twin brothers meet a
childhood crush at a rundown hotel and rediscover their love as
they renew their competition for her affection. Fred Randall
(Harland Williams), the eccentric programmer who wrote the
software, meets Paul Wick (Jeffrey DeMunn), the flight director
of the Mars mission; William "Wild Bill" Overbeck (William
Sadler), the commander of the Mars mission; and astronaut Gary
Hackman (Peter Onorati), the computer specialist. Fred and Barney
are smitten with the waitresses and invite them to a carnival,
with Fred dating Betty and Barney taking Wilma. Fred and Grace
also reconcile and decide to hide their cheating from one
another. Fred begins to fake oral sex on Meg. Fred does not
believe her at first, but soon discovers his lover has absconded
with £1000 of his money to Rangoon. Fred has to rewire the entire
system, reboot it and power everything back up in less than two
minutes or they will crash. Fred intends to propose, but changes
his mind after meeting Chip, who berates him for his low-level
job at Slate & Company. Fred is brought to NASA to see if he has
what it takes to be an astronaut; he, along with Gordon Peacock,
go through a series of exercises, which sees Fred do well, even
going as far to break every record that Bill had. Fred plans to
disguise himself as Jagged in an attempt to reconcile with Wilma.
Fred quickly shows his susceptibility to sea-sickness while
crossing the English Channel. Fred then asks Julie to dance with
him in zero gravity to "When You Wish upon a Star". Fred then
comes on stage disguised as Jagged and briefly sings to Wilma.
Fred wins a carnival game and gets a prize of an egg which
hatches into a baby dinosaur, which he names "Dino". Fred, along
with Commander Overbeck, geologist Julie Ford (Jessica Lundy),
and Ulysses, a trained chimpanzee, will look for fossils on Mars.
Freddie (Cameron Diaz) is a former stripper marrying Sam (Vincent
D'Onofrio) to repay a debt owed to nightclub owner Red (Delroy
Lindo). Freddie and Maura decide to take Freddie's honeymoon
together with Molly as the film ends. Freddie at the same time is
trying to keep his marriage afloat. Freddie had tipped off the
cops and left with the money. Freddie is remarrying Sophie after
a recent divorce. Freddie is shown to be a nice guy who has OCD
esque habits while his bride Sophie is very image conscious and
selfish. Freddie plans to out Guy to the world and ruin his
career. Freddie realises he has feelings for Maura and chases
after her. Freddie talks the band into asking for a raise to
$200, but when they are turned down, they impulsively quit.
Freddie wants to sell it, but the other two decide to try for the
jackpot. Freddie, suspicious of David's intentions, follows them
there. Freddy calls on Eliza that evening, but she refuses to see
him. Freddy later invites George to play tennis at Windy Corner.
Freddy would rather go out and party with his girlfriend Camille
Lansing than start on his novel. Freddy, George and Mr Beebe go
to the pond, in the woods, take off their clothes and swim.
Frederick offers to put up any money missing. Free from Gideon's
control, Ramona prepares to leave. Free from the spell, she
accepts Char's hand in marriage. Freed from strain of
advertising, Rock and Jenny retire to the country to tend a
chicken farm, announcing that he has found the real living end.
Freeway the wrong way, in reverse, with the police in pursuit.
Frenchy reveals she has returned to Rydell to get her high school
diploma so she can start her own cosmetics company. Frequently
present in the Naranjo home are newly divorced family friend
Yolanda (Constance Marie), her young daughter April, and her
visiting mother Hortensia (Raquel Welch), who has set her sights
on Martin and is determined to make him her next husband, unaware
his attention is focused on someone else. Fried-chicken mogul
Clyde Torkel, along with his chauffeur, Arnold (Bubba Smith), and
newly appointed director of marketing and public relations,
Pembrook Feeny (Loni Anderson, a discovery and protege of
producer Hugh Wilson), convince Stroker and his chief mechanic,
Lugs Harvey, to sign up with him. Friends, however, smuggle him
aboard and, when the owner discovers him, he is put to work
shoveling coal in the boiler room. Frightened, she climbs onto
and over the skeleton, but just before the dinosaur bones
collapse David grabs her hand, she dangles below him, and he
lifts her onto the platform. Frightened, she makes him leave and
barricades the door for good measure. Frightened, they race to
escape YouTube via their video history, but Steve puts up several
unsuccessful obstacles on their way, as they make it to the
portal only for Steve YouTube to be there waiting for them.
Fritzie is about to punch Jack when Mary intervenes, and the cab
drives off with Jack and Mary kissing in the backseat. From
Patrick's point of view, are described his activities at school,
his outlook on life and the escapades that follow becoming
acquainted with the urbane Julian Ormerod, who has a big house in
the countryside near the town. From Tréville's window, d'Artagnan
sees Rochefort passing in the street below and rushes out of the
building to confront him, but in doing so he offends three
Musketeers, Athos, Porthos, and Aramis, who each demand
satisfaction; D'Artagnan must fight a duel with all of them that
afternoon. From a chance meeting in the street to dinner at a
Chinese restaurant, the two begin to see more of each other, and
Grace’s personal, professional, and family interests become
increasingly entangled and conflicting. From a number of
derelicts who show up at the paper claiming to have written the
original letter, Mitchell and Connell hire John Willoughby (Gary
Cooper), a former baseball player and tramp in need of money to
repair his injured arm (by Bonesetter Brown), to play the role of
John Doe. From here onwards, Dat set aside his irrelevant plans
to dump his companions and sought to devise a plan to entrap and
to subsequently arrest Jimmy. From that day on, Susan becomes
"Linda Worthington" and accompanies "Mother Worthington" and
"Uncle Warren" in their travels. From that moment on, the two of
them are tied into a pretense. From the back of the theater they
see that Max is about to penetrate Joanna on stage. From the
rafters, Toulouse cries out, "The greatest thing you'll ever
learn is just to love and be loved in return", spurring Satine to
sing the song Christian wrote to express their love. From the
video store, Miles sees his girlfriend Maggie in the arms of
another guy. From the winnings, Harris takes back the loan, and
Johnny is left with $5000. From their separate rooms, Joe
confesses that he loves her. From there, the plot follows dr Hess
Green (Stephen Tyrone Williams), a wealthy African-American
anthropologist and art collector who acquires a dagger
originating in the ancient Ashanti Empire, a highly advanced
civilization that, Green claims, became addicted to blood
transfusions. From this "set up" the book turns to anecdotal
stories that rely upon the proverbial "fish out of water" tales
that pit MacDonald against her situation and her surroundings,
such as the struggle to keep up with the need for water, which
needs to be hand carried from a pond to the house until a tank is
installed or keeping a fire going in "Stove" or the constant care
that chicks need. From this comedic segue, the film opens on a
writer for television advertising, Rockwell Hunter (Tony
Randall), who is low on the ladder at the La Salle agency, the
company where he works. From time to time the film switches back
to the present, where Maya comments (often critically) and asks
questions. Frost summons the police to have him arrested. Frumpy
and cynical, she fears that she is doomed to be stuck with her
life. Frustrated by Bianca's insistence and Kat's rebelliousness,
Walter declares that Bianca may date only when Kat does, knowing
that Kat's antisocial attitude makes this unlikely. Frustrated by
Isabelle's failure to tell him about her upcoming wedding and
about the repercussions of being known by the public as that
"schmuck" who wouldn't marry his girlfriend. Frustrated by her
financial constraints and at being treated like a child by the
dean, Amelia decides to leave the academy and join a jazz group
led by her fellow student and swing bandleader Dusty Rhodes
(Eddie Albert). Frustrated with Gloria and Jerry's selfishness
and careless attitude, Burt and Verona decide this is an
opportunity to find somewhere else to raise their family, since
they are both employed in situations where they can work from
home and live wherever they choose. Frustrated with the fact that
he cannot give his wife Priscilla (Parker Posey) an orgasm, Jack
(Paul Rudd) moves out of the house and starts a relationship with
Kristen (Mischa Barton), his student. Frustrated, Madea tells
Karen to stop worrying about Byron and Rose, stop using her baby
to make Byron's life miserable, and keep moving forward.
Frustrated, she dreams of different ways to kill Higgins, from
sickness to drowning to a firing squad ("Just You Wait").
Frustrated, she falls for the most unsuitable male possible. Full
of regret, he then tells Sally’s friend Johnny about his mistake,
and that he wants his wife back. Fulton attempts to intimidate
the group, but Troy rebuilds their confidence and convinces them
that they can persevere ("Work This Out"). Furious and
humiliated, Calvin drives Ruby home. Furious at Chuck losing all
their money, 'Fearless' ends their partnership. Furious at Don's
teasing, she throws a real cake at him, only to hit Lina right in
the face. Furious at being scorned, she re-enters his life
masquerading as the posh "Lady Eve Sidwich", niece of Sir Alfred
McGlennan Keith (Eric Blore), another con man who's been
swindling the rich folk of Connecticut. Furious that their plans
are ruined, the Latimore brothers attempt to kill Norbit before
finding the townspeople rallying up against them. Furious with
Charlotte for betraying her secret, Lucy forces her cousin to
watch as she tells George to leave and never return. Furious,
Bruce aggressively and profanely criticizes the station during
his first live report, and is promptly fired. Furious, Michael
admits to being a fool. Furious, Sara kicks Joe out. Furious, he
tears up his contract, refusing to work with Mimi. Furious, he
tells her that he will fight to get the company back, but later,
to his valet, Butch (Eric Blore), he admits he is beaten, as
nobody will lend him the money he needs to make the attempt.
Furious, mr Yardley fires her. Furious, she drives off. Furious,
she shoots him, but he survives and refuses to have her charged
with attempted murder. Furiously searching the upstairs, she
discovers Evie and Randy, but only realizes Randy is a girl when
she runs past her on her way out. Further attempts to convince
mrs Kilbourne to get rid of this latest tramp are blissfully
ignored. Further attempts to rouse the maid are futile. Further
complicating the situation is the presence of his former high-
school crush Dean Stewart, who moved back in town a week earlier.
Further complications arise when Jay Ray, Ray Jay, andR. Further
complications arise when Stewart returns from his trip with Don
Fernando (Steven Geray) and the genuine painting. Further
complications ensue when an insurance adjuster (Hugh O'Connell)
mentions to Nick a rumor that Ellen was not alone on the island,
but had the company of a Stephen Burkett (Randolph Scott) and
that they called each other "Adam" and "Eve". Further
exacerbating the situation is Sarah's obvious jealousy of the
budding relationship between Peter and Rachel, while Peter
(through observing Sarah's relationship with Aldous) begins to
realize that his relationship with her wasn't as great as he
remembered. Further in the future, Paul is the only mourner at
Connor's funeral. Furthermore he promises to deliver the result
the same day as Stringer's company, even though the rival has
been working on the project for quite some time. Furthermore,
John is forced to reveal that he had not yet told his parents of
his intention to marry a white girl. Furthermore, Naomi hasn't
accepted that Ely is gay because she had always fantasized him
falling in love with and marrying her one day. Furthermore,
because there is a new moon on the night of the ball, Odette
remains a swan that night. Furthermore, the gathering need not be
a ball; several variants on Cinderella, such as Katie Woodencloak
and The Golden Slipper have her attend church. Furthermore, the
mother proclaims that the impending wedding of her daughter
Twinky (Rishma Malik) and Bobby will not take place until Rahul
has found himself a bride first. Future Olympic gold medalist
Gretchen Fraser was the skiing stand-in for Sonja Henie. Fuzzy22
has asked Jen to meet him in person, to which she reluctantly
agrees, though Jen is very nervous&mdash;she and Fuzzy22 had
agreed to not exchange any identifying information, so she has no
idea how old he is, what he looks like, or if he is male or
female. Gabe finds out and the two split. Gabe goes to Rain's
21st birthday party, and gives her a music box as a present. Gabe
is instantly jealous of Rosemary's new partner: a taller blonde
boy named Tim Staples, who's much better at self-defense than he
is. Gabe is living alone because he says he is not dating for the
time being, as he does not want to hurt anyone. Gabe is pleased
and surprised when his father says he "cleared out some old
stuff" and his parents appear to have reconciled. Gabe is
shocked, but Judy takes the news personally and is very hurt.
Gabe seems too busy for intimacy and Marshall is feeling the
pressure of a frustrating dead-end job. Gabe visits his half-
sisters at the hospital and reveals, without sadness, that he and
the shrewish Olivia split up. Gabriel gets the underwear modeling
job and goes to Catalina. Gabriel is being pressed for results,
so he introduces a radical new incentive: if their latest case
isn't "cracked" – meaning, if the pair in question do not fall,
and stay, in love, O'Reilly and Jackson must stay on Earth
forever, which does not appeal to them. Gabriel tries to soften
the blow, but Billy rebuffs him. Gabriella and Troy go to the
musical auditions where Sharpay and her twin brother Ryan Evans
(Lucas Grabeel) perform ("What I've Been Looking For"), but both
are too shy to audition. Gabriella angrily confronts Sharpay
about her interference and quits her job at Lava Springs.
Gabriella expresses her loss of trust with Troy ("Gotta Go My Own
Way") and leaves Lava Springs, and gives him the necklace back.
Gabriella gets extremely upset by his betrayal ("When There Was
Me and You") and decides not to audition for the musical.
Gabrielle Simpson (Audrey Hepburn), a temp secretary hired by
Benson to type the script, comes to Richard's hotel room where
they are to work on the script, only then finding out about their
tight deadline and that not one page or line of script had yet
been written. Gail Carson Levine wrote Ella Enchanted, a story
about how "Ella" is under a fairy curse of obedience (she does
whatever someone tells her to). Gail apologizes for being
insensitive, but reveals that she is proud of Ramona, and that
her loving family is her accomplishment. Gail has a surprise for
Ramona, it's Richie Phillips (Patrick Duffy), the boy from high
school that Ramona wanted to go to the prom with. Ganja and Hess
dispose of the body, even though, like the prostitute from
before, the "corpse" reawakens. Ganja is initially horrified by
her new existence, but Green teaches her how to survive. Ganja
seduces and then strangles the woman. Ganja, though saddened by
his death, lives on, presumably continuing her vampire-esque
lifestyle. Garfield agrees, but specifies that Coles will get
only half as much if his shares fail to make up the margin of
victory. Garfield concedes to Jorgy's offer to let the matter be
settled at the annual shareholder's meeting. Garfield is
instantly smitten with the beautiful Kate, although he is on to
her tactics and does not waver from his goal of becoming the
majority stockholder of New England Wire & Cable. Garfield
tactlessly and unsuccessfully tries to seduce her. Garp becomes a
devoted parent, wrestling with anxiety for the safety of his
children and a desire to keep them safe from the dangers of the
world. Garp grows up, becoming interested in sex, wrestling, and
writing fiction&mdash;three topics in which his mother has little
interest. Garp learns (often painfully) from the women in his
life (including transsexual ex-football player Roberta Muldoon),
who are struggling to become more tolerant in the face of
intolerance. Garrick believes she is one of the actresses (and
not a very good one), when she is actually fleeing a marriage
arranged by her father. Garrick graciously accepts. Gary Blake
(Dick Powell) stars in a new show, On the Avenue, with Mona
Merrick (Alice Faye). Gary Coleman stars as a homeless shoeshine
boy named Lester who is living in a locker at Union Station,
Chicago. Gary Grobowski (Vince Vaughn) and Brooke Meyers
(Jennifer Aniston) meet at Wrigley Field during a Chicago Cubs
game and begin dating, eventually buying a condominium together.
Gary Shaller (Freeman), who gained commercial success in previous
years as the keyboard player in the fictional band "On The One".
Gary Starke (Garcia) is a New York City ticket scalper who, in
the old traditional style of scalping "works the street", known
as "the walk", as opposed to the plethora of modern-day ticket
brokers who ply the Internet for sales. Gary agrees to meet her
there, but misses the hidden agenda, and misses the
concert—unwittingly breaking Brooke's heart. Gary angrily leaves
the party without saying a word to either of them, taking Karen's
gift with him. Gary begins taking a more active role in his tour
guide business, while Brooke travels the world, eventually
returning to Chicago. Gary buys a pool table, litters the condo
with food and trash, and even has a strip poker party with Lupus
and a few women. Gary decides to help Karen pay for her abortion
by selling most of his possessions and borrowing money from his
boss. Gary eventually discovers that he is having lucid dreams
about a glamorous woman named Anna (Penélope Cruz), with whom he
is deeply infatuated. Gary eventually discovers that the girl he
dreams about does, in fact, exist. Gary is frustrated by Brooke’s
perceived controlling, perfectionistic attitude, and expresses
his desire to have a little more independence (particularly when
arriving home from work, wanting to unwind). Gary replies that
curses are only true if one believes in them and reveals that he
also wished for her, before returning to Tucson. Gary scrapes up
a few more dollars and buys Karen a gold locket for her birthday.
Gary seems to understand and kisses her before leaving. Gary
works as a tour guide in a family business with his brothers,
Lupus (Cole Hauser) and Dennis (Vincent D'Onofrio). Gary, whose
ego has driven away all of the people who once helped him, cannot
find anyone who will hire or even represent him. Gathering a
group of acquaintances and hired help as the cast and crew, they
decide to film a pornographic Star Wars parody, entitled Star
Whores. Gavin comes home very drunk and confronts Patricia.
Gavin's doctor shows up and informs them that he has died. Gay
party planner Shel (Stamos) is organizing the wedding of his
straight brother Ben (Dane) to Maggie (Somerville). Gaylord
"Greg" Focker (Ben Stiller) is a male nurse living in Chicago,
who intends to propose to his girlfriend Pam Byrnes (Teri Polo),
a schoolteacher. Gazoo reveals that Chip is in severe debt to the
mob, and hoped to solve both his problems by framing Fred for the
robbery and plans to marry Wilma to get the Slaghooples' money.
Gazoo witnesses the entire conversation. Geek Hlynur is
approaching 30 years old, still lives with his mother who is
divorced from his alcoholic father, downloads porn and wanders
around Reykjavík half-heartedly searching for a job while
spending lots of time in Kaffibarinn, the central Reykjavík bar
(the bar is owned in real life by writer/director Baltasar
Kormákur and his soundtrack composer Damon Albarn, a long-
standing Icelandophile). Geeky Michael Eckman warns him that
Bianca is vapid and conceited, and that her overprotective father
does not allow Bianca or her older sister, the shrewish Kat, to
date. Gen's brother, Teddy (Trevor Blumas), gives Casey flowers
to congratulate her, and they kiss. Gen. Gene and Betty elope.
General Barclay is furious at first, having gone to great lengths
to arrange the wedding, until Carr reminds him that this was what
they had hoped for. General Pandemonium (Yosemite Sam as Major
Strasser) gets a frantic call from Foghorn Leghorn saying that a
secret German document has been stolen, and immediately heads for
the Carrotblanca nightclub---the Cafe Au Lait Americain. General
Pandemonium suspects Sylvester may know about the document and
binds him in his office. General Rosewater hopes to test the new
rangefinder in war games with a rival general. Generation after
generation, Wooley men - all played by March - marry cruel,
shrewish women. Geneva gives the story of Sabrina's father.
Geneva is called by Sabrina who is at the docks in a boat.
Geoffrey Clarke is a poor poet, who has his eyes on the fortune
of a rich widow, Alice Frayne, in order to keep him in the
lifestyle he feels he deserves. Geoffrey is pursued, however, by
the young and lovely, yet poor, Monica Grey. Geoffrey meanwhile
is strongly attracted to the feisty Elma, and his interest is
apparently reciprocated. Geoffrey sees this as the perfect
opportunity to achieve his aims without any blame attaching to
himself or Elma. Geoffrey's old college friend Ernest Melton
(Stewart) and his French wife Elma (Arnaud) arrive at the Lymes'
country home for a weekend visit. George (Bing Crosby) and Harold
(Bob Hope), American song-and-dance men performing in Melbourne,
Australia, leave in a hurry to avoid various marriage proposals.
George (Freddie Highmore) is a loner high school student with a
penchant for drawing and skipping class. George (Jason
Mantzoukas), who works at the bookstore, soothes her and the two
begin a relationship. George Emerson happens to be nearby and
catches her when she faints. George V will be crowned king on 22
June and in the preceding days many important dignitaries arrive.
George Wade (Hugh Grant) is an arrogant billionaire real estate
tycoon who has almost everything and knows almost nothing. George
accepts Nina's offer and moves into her apartment. George agrees,
and after Maria is finally able to tell Caroline the truth,
Caroline happily reunites with Steve, who then gives George a
thrashing. George agrees, on the condition that he can choose the
two people, to which Jimmy also agrees. George also reads the
letter (although by mistake) because Lou's wife is his night
school teacher and it somehow ends up in his book. George and
Edith then meet film student Daphne (Daniella García), who offers
George her computer so he can help out a heart patient. George
and Mary get married. George and Robert do not re-establish their
relationship, but George meets Paul James (Amo Gulinello), a
young actor, and the two fall in love and have sex. George and
Tess meet again and a hope for a second chance shows. George
argues with her, saying that Cecil only sees her as an "object
for the shelf" and will never love her enough to grant her
independence, while George loves her for who she is. George
arrives at work, despondent, gazing at the lipstick-marked paper
on his desk. George attempts to win back Kay's affections while
simultaneously trying to sell the worthless land to several
greedy leading citizens of the town. George became a
conscientious objector, lost his government job but was given
non-combatant duties to avoid prison, leaving Mrs Honeychurch
deeply upset with her son-in-law. George breaks off the
engagement. George calls out of politeness because he wants to
explain that his relationship with his girlfriend has just become
more serious. George catches Lucy alone in the garden and kisses
her again. George consoles her and begins to rethink his
situation with Sally. George convinces the board of directors to
vote against Potter. George desperately appeals to Potter for a
loan. George does not believe Clarence's subsequent claim to be
his guardian angel. George files a writ of execution to force
payment and take possession of the train, Old 97, in lieu of
payment. George follows her and gets a job as a busboy at the
faculty residence. George freezes. George gets drunk at a local
bar and is involved in a fight before he leaves and goes to a
nearby bridge, thinking of suicide. George has learned how to tie
a knot, Jeremy is finally coming out of his shell, and Terrence
has become a millionaire because of his theory (He sold his
theory {the predictive analytic probability theory that he
finally perfected and can predict anything from the behavior of
amino acids in a stable isotope peptide bond to the outcome of
sporting events} to ibetcom for $10 million). George is a passive
individual who does not seem troubled by the idea of marrying
someone he does not love. George is clearly smitten with her, but
Matty pleads for another chance and she accepts. George is
confronted by his mother and stepfather at home, and he responds
by telling his mother that his stepfather has been lying about
work. George is confused but agrees to go. George is evasive, and
she asks him if he'll have sex with her. George is fired from his
job and abandoned by the company, with the exception of his
father and his pregnant secretary, Annie. George is indicted and
could face prison time. George is overcome by Lucy's beauty among
a field of violets and kisses her, but they are interrupted by
Lucy's cousin, who is outraged. George kisses Jane in front of
Larry, and she agrees to marry George and remain in Cape Anne.
George makes a proposition to his father: He will take one more
shot at persuading Lisa to be with him; If she will, Charles must
go to jail, and if she won't, George will take the rap for his
dad. George meets Victoria in an art museum. George postpones his
travel plans in order to sort out the family business, Bailey
Brothers' Building and Loan, a longtime competitor to Henry
Potter, the local banker and the richest man in town. George
realizes Victoria is right, and they kiss and make up. George
recruits his uncle Otis, a retired E&P engineer, to engineer the
train. George rose to the rank of corporal but was taken prisoner
by the Italians in Africa. George runs home to await his arrest.
George sits at the graduation ceremony with Sally's friends with
his mother in the audience. George spots Alicia and her boyfriend
at a gas station, and Gerard talks George into following them.
George talks Doc (who is also a con artist) into masquerading as
a physician treating him, partly out of curiosity, but mostly
because of greed, after seeing the enormous balance in his
checking account. George tells her he loves her and they go back
to her apartment, where they kiss. George turns in all his
assignments and the principal tells him he'll know he's passed if
his name is called at graduation. George who is troubled by this
stops doing homework and is again sent to the principal's office.
George works on his assignments and takes his final exams.
George's art teacher applauds him on his project. George's father
then drops one last bombshell on his son: It was he who committed
the illegal act for which George is being charged. George's last
memory is of going to place a large bet in 1931. George's mother
does not recognize him; she reveals that Uncle Billy was
institutionalized after the collapse of the Building and Loan.
George's name is called and his mother applauds. George, not
knowing about Robert's plans, is taken aback and heartbroken, and
after the party the two split up. George, now convinced that
Clarence is really his guardian angel, runs back to the bridge
and begs for his life back; the alternate timeline changes back
to the original reality. George, out of confusion, throws her
photographs into the river because they were spotted with blood.
George, who loves Nina as his best friend, tells her that he
wants to be with Paul. Georges assures him that nothing is wrong
with him and gives him back his keys to a chalet Alain owns in
the nearby mountains, which he used for a romantic escapade.
Georgette starts her gay life anew and Horace goes back to his
family where he is forgiven. Georgia and Peter are attracted to
each other and gradually fall in love, which causes conflict for
both of them. Georgia decides that she will marry him, and then
she tells the producers that she will not be performing st Anne,
for she wants a real honeymoon. Georgia is an older Broadway
actress who was once very famous. Georgia is unaware of what has
happened, as she is in Honolulu to prepare herself. Georgia,
following the instructions of the real Elvira, keeps up the ruse
by pretending to be Elvira to everyone, including Peter. Georgie
and Kim then proceed to clean the house and pay back for any
damage that was done to the house. Georgie and Mikki continue to
hook up. Georgie begins to become friends with Kim and later
finds out it is her birthday. Georgie, Kim, Mikki and Georgie's
friend, Jules (Georgia King) are in the hot tub and they are
naked. Georgina Salt (Heather Graham) is a young English
contractor living in London who longs to have a baby, which she
sees as the one thing missing from her life. Georgina and Clem
purchase sperm from the Internet and go out to buy a turkey
baster. Georgina asks about Alexandra, who Zach admits is
beautiful, but says that isn't all he looks for in a person.
Georgina comes out to find the lights off and him gone. Georgina
is an extremely driven, smart, but bossy alpha female who will do
everything to close a very important deal with foreign investors.
Georgina is obviously more interested in the baby than Zach.
Georgina is taken away by the baby items around her and is
saddened by it. Georgina jumps to the conclusion that he does
hate babies and demands that he pull over and lets her out.
Georgina kicks the man out and talks to Zach, but then hears a
woman's voice saying, "Zach, darling, will you zip me up.
Georgina runs after him, but loses him. Georgina, seeming
desperate at this point, turns to one of her employees who
reveals that he is infertile just before the two of them can have
sex. Gerald accepts this arrangement grudgingly, but before
meeting with Hewitt, he happens to see Liz while driving through
town, and she tells him she is going to have his baby. Gerald
later returns, only to enact psychological warfare, making
Beverly jealous by pretending that he is drinking and carousing
with multiple women. Gerald resents the fact that the appearances
are taking up an increasing amount of her time, and becomes
jealous of the level of attention that her new-found stardom has
brought her. Gerald, Tess' ultra-competent secretary (Dan Tobin),
arrives with a bottle of champagne and reminds Tess of her
commitment to launch a ship. Gerard advises George to gain
Alicia's attention by making her jealous. Gerard and George catch
up to Alicia and her fiancé at the border of Canada, and George
finally expresses his love for her. Gerard and George leave for
the wedding. Gerard finds himself attracted to Alicia's mother, a
widow. Gerard spends the night with Alicia's mother, but in the
morning she rebuffs him for moving too fast with their
relationship. Gerbino De Ratta is the head of the local thugs who
robs anyone or steals anything that he sees stealable. Gerbino
himself dies falling into a large deep well inside the mansion.
Gerry continues to juggle the two women in his life. Gerry
decides that Tom would be better off if they split up. Gerry
finds her and goes to Tony in order to force David to leave his
reception to visit Connie. Gerry is suspicious, especially when
she finds them both drunk and has to lead Franky out. Gerry, who
believes that virtue will be her only reward, rebuffs Tony and
intimates that he is childish. Gertrude continues to try and ruin
the marriage. Gertrude even believes that Kevin's father had died
years ago of "terminal disappointment", for which Gerturde holds
Viola responsible. Gertrude is not happy, and insists the
marriage will not last. Gertrude's resentment of Viola bears a
strong resemblance to Viola's feelings of animosity toward
Charlie. Gertrude, satisfied she got her last word in, leaves;
showing she still favors Charlie. Getting inside the circle,
Sally and the townswomen reenact her oath with Gillian.
Giambattista Basile's Cenerentola combined them; the Cinderella
figure, Zezolla, asks her father to commend her to the Dove of
Fairies and ask her to send her something, and she receives a
tree that will provide her clothing. Giambattista Basile, an
Italian soldier and government official, assembled a set of oral
folk tales into a written collection titled Lo cunto de li cunti
(The Story of Stories), or Pentamerone. Gideon invites Scott to
his venue, the Chaos Theater, where Sex Bob-Omb is playing.
Gideon rides to the cabin to inform Adam of his daughter's
arrival and asks him to come home. Gidget accepts. Gidget
declines at first, then agrees after her mother convinces her
that she should enjoy her time there and have fun with Abby and
the boys. Gidget finally arrives, all dressed up, and joins the
group. Gidget refuses to go and leave Jeff alone; Gidget's mother
Dorothy (Jean Donnell) explains to Russ that Jeff is all that
matters to Gidget. Gidget runs after him, the two argue and
finally decide to go their separate ways with Jeff threatening to
"get a game of his own going". Gidget tells her father that Mom
is asleep but she fixed it so his bed looks slept in; she
suggests that he stay in Jeff's room for the night and come back
in the morning so she won't suspect anything. Gidget tells her
mother the same thing she just told her father, but Dorothy goes
into the bedroom anyway. Gigli and Ricki go back to Gigli's
apartment, where Gigli confesses his love and the two sleep
together. Gigli convinces Ricki to take his car, but at the last
minute, Ricki returns and picks up Gigli, and they leave town
together. Gigli is further annoyed when his mother (Lainie Kazan)
takes an immediate liking to Ricki and when the two women team up
to needle him. Gigli successfully convinces the young man, Brian
Dorf (Justin Bartha), to go off with him by promising to take him
"to the Baywatch", apparently a reference to the television show
of that name, which seems to be Brian's singular obsession.
Gigolos Christopher Tracy and his brother, Tricky, swindle
wealthy French women. Gil abandons Cecilia and is seen quietly
racked with guilt on his flight back to Hollywood. Gil and
Adriana go first to Maxim's Paris, then to the Moulin Rouge where
they meet Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Paul Gauguin, and Edgar
Degas. Gil asks what they thought the best era was, and the three
determine that the greatest era was the Renaissance. Gil attempts
to bring Inez to the past with him the following night, but she
becomes impatient and peevishly returns to the hotel. Gil breaks
up with her and decides to move to Paris. Gil buys earrings for
Adriana. Gil gets drunk one night when Inez has gone off dancing
with Paul and his wife, and becomes lost in the back streets of
Paris. Gil is considering moving to Paris (which he notes, much
to the dismay of his fiancée, is at its most beautiful in the
rain). Gil is struggling to finish his first novel, centered on a
man who works in a nostalgia shop. Gil realizes (but doesn't draw
attention to) that he has been transported back to the 1920s, an
era he idolizes. Gil realizes he is falling in love with her,
leaving him in conflict. Gil returns to 2010 and confronts Inez.
Gil rewrites the first two chapters of his novel and retrieves
his draft from Stein, who praises his progress as a writer and
tells him that Hemingway likes it, but questions why the main
character has not realized that his fiancée (based on Inez) is
having an affair with a pedantic character (based on Paul). Gil
spends more and more time with Adriana, who leaves Picasso for a
brief dalliance with Hemingway. Gilbert (Robert Coote), Trent's
assistant, dislikes Michael. Gilda is an interior designer who
lives with the painter Otto, who was previously attached to Leo,
an author. Gilda says that Otto is in bed, ill, and cannot be
disturbed. Gilda, however, has not been there. Gilhooley also
finally marries his longtime girlfriend, Miss Lafleur (Dorothy
Lamour). Gillian and Sally Owens, two descendants of the Owens
family, are taken in by their aunts Frances and Jet after the
death of their parents. Gillian feels that Sally needs her and
drugs Jimmy to return to Massachusetts. Gillian returns to Sally
after Jimmy becomes abusive, but the sisters are kidnapped.
Gillian threatens to cast various spells on Merle, such as making
her fall in love with the first man who walks into her apartment,
but she finds that she has lost her powers because of her love
for Shep. Gillian uses her magic to make Shep lose interest in
Nicky and Redlitch's book, and then confesses her identity as a
witch to Shep. Gilly Hayden (Douglas Fairbanks, Jr). Gilly, not
wanting to force Ann into marriage, jumps out the window with
nothing on but a woman's robe. Gina grabs his gun and fires a
warning shot into the ceiling, which ricochets and accidentally
kills Johnny. Gina tearfully explains that her father Frank and
most of her cousins and uncles are gangsters deeply involved in a
Mafia crime family, and she is worried that Michael may be sucked
into their world. Gina then apologizes to Corey. Ginger tries to
take Peter to him and they are seen again by Marsha, who is
furious. Gioachino Rossini, having agreed to do an opera based on
Cinderella if he could omit all magical elements, wrote La
Cenerentola, in which she was aided by Alidoro, a philosopher and
formerly the Prince's tutor. Girlfriend of the died: Lucia, gets
angry with Willy, accusing him of being a murderess. Giselle
advises him to follow his heart. Gish plays Janice, a wealthy
girl whose fortune has been entrusted to two trust company vice
presidents (the "official fathers" of the title). Given a crash
course in royal protocol by a representative of the State
Department, Eddie becomes increasingly uncomfortable with
becoming a prince consort, financially supported by his wife,
with no career other than fathering an heir. Given a view of the
facility, including being shown the triple combination-lock
vault, Vic then goes to work on practicing his safecracking
skills for the big day. Given some of the men Jessica is shown to
be test-dating at the start of the film, it's no surprise she'd
want to fan out her prospects a little. Given the fact that she
is engaged to the cold-tempered and vicious gym teacher, Roy
Kelton (Rick Rossovich), who is nicknamed Jackjaw for his
constant threat of breaking his pupils' jaws, Danny goes through
his school days somewhat uninspired and suffers in silence.
Giving up, Molly goes home to New York and her waiting suitors,
who are astounded when a tall cowboy suddenly shows up and
carries Molly away. Glad that he did his job, Dupree celebrates
by leaping into the air with joy, until he falls to ground. Glade
has a daughter, while Sears has a son. Gladstone" (the name he
uses during his rendezvous with mrs Robinson) Elaine correctly
guesses that he has been having an affair with a married woman
and accepts his assurances that the affair is now over. Gladys
Glade and Charlie Sears meet on the train while they are
returning home and start a flirtation. Gladys asks for "Mr.
Gladys explains she obtained the signs simply in order to, "Make
a name for herself," but does not seem to be aware she is being
treated as a figure of fun. Gladys is discouraged at having
gotten nowhere in two years and she wants to make a name for
herself. Gladys is not interested. Gladys looks to be pondering
the possibilities; seeing this a concerned Pete says "What are
you looking at. Gladys pays $630 in cash and arranges to have her
name put on the billboard. Gladys says, "I don't mind the way
you're acting, exactly. Gladys shops in a department store
(Macy's), and when she gives her name, the word spreads quickly
and dozens of people flock around to get the autograph of the
famous Gladys Glover. Gladys spots an empty billboard with a
message, "THIS SPACE FOR RENT. Gladys' advertising career
continues, but she finds its emptiness more and more frustrating.
Gleason helps Armstrong become reconciled with Kent and they
marry with the blessings of the family. Gleefully pondering his
revenge, he and Hooks snap pictures of them and leave, unseen.
Glendon Wasey (Sean Penn) is a sleazy, down-on-his-luck con man
struggling to sell glow-in-the-dark neckties in Shanghai. Glenn
Miller vocalist Pat Friday provided the pre-recorded vocal tracks
that Lynn Bari lip synced in the film. Gloria "Glo" Matthews is a
beauty salon owner and single mother. Gloria Fay (Joan Blondell)
and Mae O'Brien (Glenda Farrell) are two former showgirls working
in an amusement park. Gloria and Mae now have enough money to
return home to New York. Gloria is naturally upset. Gloria is
possessive and quickly becomes obsessed with Jeremy, and Jeremy
urges John to escape the reception with him. Gloria lets her son
go on the "Up With People" trip to Spain and apologizes to her
neighbor for snapping at him when he suggested that she should
let her son grow up and experience the world. Gloria's hostile
drunken brother starts a fistfight and a news reporter takes
photographs that cause a scandal. Gloria/Marsha doesn't plan on
ever calling him back, but when she calls her soon-to-be groom
and a woman whom he presumably slept with answers, Gloria/Marsha
feeling betrayed by her soon-to-be-groom decides to call Phillip.
Glory Eden (Ginger Rogers) is the "Purity Girl" of the Ippsie
Wippsie Hour radio program. Glory does become jealous, as he
intended, but O'Connor is present, and she signs his contract.
God agrees and Bruce finds himself in the hospital, shortly after
being revived — near miraculously — by the doctors. God appears
and asks Bruce what he really wants; Bruce admits that he only
wants to make sure Grace finds a man that would make her happy.
God gives Bruce two rules that he must follow: firstly, Bruce
cannot tell anyone else that he has God's powers; and secondly,
Bruce cannot use the powers to interfere with free will. God
offers to give Bruce His powers, to prove that He is doing His
job correctly. Godfrey arrives and is authenticated as a
"forgotten man". Godfrey declines and Cornelia leaves in a huff.
Godfrey explains that a broken love affair had left him
considering suicide, but the undaunted attitude of the men living
at the dump rekindled his spirits. Godfrey interrupts with good
news: he had sold short, using money raised by pawning Cornelia's
necklace, and bought the stock that Bullock had sold. Godfrey
quickly ad-libs that he was Tommy's valet at Harvard. Godfrey
resigns as the Bullocks' butler. Godfrey tells Tommy he quit the
Bullocks because "he felt that foolish feeling coming along
again". Godfrey then leaves. Going back to his own, Izzy meets
his father, who sternly confronts him about missing his curfew
and a practice match that day. Going to the address provided,
Brad finds Paula already there. Good night". Goodwin is publicly
cleared of wrongdoing and recognized as a bigger hero than ever.
Goodwin is unable to get permission to speak about Yvette through
the usual channels. Goodwin rescues her, leading to a night of
romance. Goofy and Clarabelle accidentally fall off the crumbling
bridge and accidentally land into Donald (who is riding in a
small boat In the river). Goofy and Donald are excited about
eating again and begin to sing about delicious dishes until
Mickey comes back and reveals that he traded their beloved bovine
for a container of beans, which he claims to be magical. Goofy
fails to convince Donald to help him save Mickey, but thanks to
an insulting song from Troubadour, The duo save Mickey and the
trio eventually escape and reconcile with each other and set off
to rescue Daisy and Princess Minnie. Goofy is tied in chains by
Clarabelle and is about to be thrown off a bridge over a river to
drown to death, but Goofy falls in love with Clarabelle and
flirts with her and wins her heart with his "numbskull charm".
Gordo and Isabella find her backstage preparing for the show, and
warn her about Paolo's scheme. Gordo and Isabella rush to the
concert to stop him. Gordo takes the blame, and is sent back home
as punishment. Gordon arranges for her to stay somewhere Dick
can't find her. Gordon finds the engagement announcement in the
newspaper and shows it to Ferdi. Gordon hires a bodyguard (Terry
Crews) to protect himself, and Joe, expecting Tony to tail him,
leaves a set of bogus clues that lead Tony to Miami, Florida,
Bangor, Maine, and then Amarillo, Texas, where Tony is shot in
the back as he attempts to get on the grounds of the wrong ranch
to try to serve the papers. Gordon offers Amarilly a job with his
wealthy and snobbish aunt, mrs Phillips (Ida Waterman). Gordon
trains the team for the upcoming bonspiel. Gordon was very
successful, winning many ribbons, especially in running. Gordon's
fiancee, Tracy, comes over. Gordon, under pressure from his wife
Grace, reveals to Kathy the secret of his past—he was once a
police officer. Goring takes the brooch and asks that Mabel
inform him if anyone comes to retrieve it. Goring then reveals
how the item came into her possession. Gossip columnist Tommy
Tennant claims to have discovered a vital clue to the mystery,
but before he can reveal it, he is shot in Dal's suite. Grace
(Danielle Cormack), on the same tour bus, also has a troubled
life. Grace Hayes, as herself essentially, has been content to
play the vaudeville circuit, and support her son, and the wealthy
family who shunned her. Grace Herbert (Kay Francis) is a
30-something woman who has made her living from seducing wealthy
men and suing them for breach of promise. Grace Tang (Fay Ann
Lee) is an ambitious Wall Street investment banker raised in New
York’s Chinatown. Grace and Bob are happily dancing. Grace
arrives and the two rekindle their relationship, later becoming
engaged. Grace buys the local diner, turns it into a version of
her real-life club, encouraging the kids to give it the old
college try, and put on a show to raise the funds and spirit the
college needs to survive. Grace decides that since Ellen is gone,
she's going to try to run her old game on Tom. Grace finds
herself secretly caught in the middle  When her brother Ming (Ken
Leung) inadvertently reveals the truth to Andrew, Andrew leaves
the budding romance, of which Kay is unaware. Grace introduces
Ellen to Bill Vincent (Nigel Bruce), a vain man who likes young
women, and who coaches Ellen on exactly how to lead a man on
enough to get expensive presents from him, including a fat
settlement to avoid a lawsuit. Grace returned to Azalea Springs
because her husband found out about an affair she was having with
another woman and is now in prison for assaulting Grace. Grace
set up a support system for both Henry and Sam. Grace, on the
other hand, has sex with Gerry, but tells him it will be just
that one time. Grace, unable to extricate herself gracefully from
what she saw initially as an innocuous white lie, finds herself
pretending that her parents are an old couple whom she visits as
a volunteer. Gradually both men change their attitudes as they
vainly struggle to win her affections. Gradually, Peter discovers
that in the world of theater the normal rules do not apply
&ndash; but in the end there is a role for everyone. Gradually,
Susan begins to understand the pain she has caused her family and
determines to put her own house in order before meddling in the
lives of others. Gradually, he develops genuine feelings for her.
Graham (Noriega) suffers from severe amnesia and cannot remember
what he has done hours after he has done it. Graham and Antoine
are approached on the beach by the police who are concerned that
a young boy is with a naked man. Graham asks Amanda to let him
spend the night despite the fact that he is a stranger, as he has
been drinking at the pub and doesn't want to drive. Graham
assures him that walking would warm himself, and that was the
reasoning for him walking around the room. Graham doesn't notice
this due to his condition, but it is clear to the viewer that the
child is of significance. Graham enters the pub and looks for her
but cannot see her until he meets his friends and then sees
Amanda. Graham meets a temp called Irène and begins a
relationship with her, which is difficult as he never remembers
who she is. Graham remembers Antoine as being his son. Graham
stops her though and tells her that they could not continue this
in the parking garage due to a security camera being close by.
Graham tells her that he cries all the time: movies, books, and
birthday cards. Graham then tells his therapist that he is
feeling really cold, and asks to have a blanket to warm himself.
Graham walks past Irène to go to his car, not remembering who she
is. Graham's therapist is concerned at his behavior and tell him
that they cannot allow him to leave. Graham, afraid to defy her
father, remains at the camp. Graham, knowing that Amanda is
planning to return home imminently, says to Amanda that "if the
flight gets cancelled, [he is] having dinner at the pub" with
friends. Gramoo, Vada's grandmother, has since died; and she
still wears the mood ring that her late best friend Thomas died
while retrieving for her. Granger bravely attempts to win the
approval of Priya's father by promising to honor her and her
culture in phonetic but crude Hindi. Granger formally repeats his
commitment to respect and care for her. Granger struggles with
himself mentally for having abandoned Jennifer David for Priya
instead, but still doesn't know that the Priya and Jennifer are
the same person. Granger, too, feels something is missing. Grant
Withers is a conceited dancer who spends all his free time
dancing. Grant then confesses he loves her and proposes to her.
Grant's courtship of the Princess, which he attempts to conduct
by "American" customs, must be adjusted to Bukistanian tradition,
to protect the proposed oil deal. Grant) a primary concern.
Grateful to Pepi for saving his life, mr Matuschek promotes the
errand boy to clerk. Gravely injured, she is rushed to the
hospital. Graves decides to use Miranda to embarrass Ralph and
remove him from the throne. Graves has photos of Miranda and
Ralph passed around at the royal ball, which, along with Ralph's
wild rendition of "Good Golly Miss Molly" on a harpsichord, ruin
any chances of a Royal marriage and causes a Finnish company to
award a coveted contract to the Japanese. Graves is opposed to
having an American on the throne, and proposes to declare the
ruling family line at an end and replace it with the serene House
of Stuart. Gray Baldwin (Heather Graham), a family oriented and
quiet bachelorette, lives a close-knit life with her brother, Sam
(Tom Cavanagh). Gray agrees and the three make their way to
Vegas. Gray and Sam's relationship has never been thought of as
strange, but once a dinner party guest mistakes the siblings as a
couple, Gray and Sam decide to venture outside of one another.
Gray introduces herself, then Charlie to Sam, and they instantly
bond, agreeing to see each other again. Gray is a little
hesitant, but agrees when Charlie says they can have a "mini
bachelorette party". Graynamore needs bubaru, a mineral essential
for manufacturing superconductors. Graynamore offers to pay for
whatever Joe wants to enjoy his final days, as long as he is
willing to jump into the volcano within 20 days. Green and Ganja
quickly become lovers, and she moves into Green's expansive
mansion. Green dies in her arms, glad to be at peace. Green
successfully talks him down, but later that night Hightower
attacks and stabs Green with the Ashanti ceremonial dagger,
killing him. Greg Nolan (Elvis) is a newspaper photographer who
lives a carefree life — that is, until he encounters an
eccentric, lovelorn woman named Bernice (Michele Carey) on the
beach. Greg admits that he loves Pam, and everything he did
before was out of desperation to win Jack's approval. Greg and
Claudine reconcile and she reveals she has secret funds, and that
they are still wealthy. Greg and Pam travel to Pam's parents'
house in Oyster Bay, Long Island to attend the wedding. Greg
becomes even more uncomfortable after receiving an impromptu lie
detector test from Jack, and Pam later reveals that Jack is
actually a recently retired CIA counterintelligence officer. Greg
goes to the airport but, devastated by his break-up with Pam and
still upset about the luggage mix-up, gets so angry that he
eventually finds himself detained by airport security for causing
a scene on the plane while frustratingly trying to get his
luggage into the overhead storage hold and for saying the word
"bomb". Greg hopes to propose to Pam in front of her family after
receiving her father's permission, but this plan is put on hold
when the airline loses his luggage, including the engagement
ring. Greg overhears this, and desperately tries to beat Jack
home to erase the evidence, but ultimately fails after Jack takes
a shortcut. Greg presents the Byrnes family with a bottle of
Mumm's champagne he bought from the drug store, but as soon as
Jack reveals that Pam had a previous fiancé, the cork suddenly
pops off by itself and accidentally smashes an urn which holds
the remains of Jack's mother, giving Jinx the opportunity to
urinate in the ashes. Greg proposes to Pam. Greg reveals to
Claudine that he is not having an affair, but has made some bad
investments and lost most of his money. Greg's attempts to
impress Jack either go unnoticed or backfire: He inadvertently
leads Jack to think he does drugs, while mentioning the possible
subtle drug references in "Puff, the Magic Dragon" while
listening to the song on the car stereo on the way to the drug
store, and Jack later finds a marijuana pipe that he believes
belongs to Greg (it actually belongs to Pam's younger brother,
Denny). Gregory Underwood (John Gordon Sinclair) is an awkward
teenager who plays in his school football team. Gregory
accompanies Frances to Rio, while Nancy, who is about to star in
a small stock company play, goes to Connecticut. Gregory
immediately recognizes Nancy's supposed predicament from the
story of the play that Frances was reading, and explains the
situation to Frances. Gregory initially confides in his best
friend Steve (William Greenlees), the most mature of Gregory's
circle of friends, and asks him for help in attracting Dorothy.
Gregory is all for her making the team, as he finds her very
attractive. Gregory's friends, Andy and Charlie (Graham
Thompson), are even more inept with girls but see Gregory at
various times with three apparent dates, and are envious of his
new success. Greta later comes to Emma's book launch because her
husband, Herr Karl Bollenbecker, (Keir Dullea) is planning to
liquidate Richard's publishing house. Greta meets Emma during the
banquet and tells her of the same. Gretchen came as the guest of
Becca's sister, Lindsay, who is Gretchen's best friend and
enabler of her sex, drugs and rock-and-roll lifestyle. Gretchen
insists that Bic comes to a family brunch. Gretchen is the
publicist for a rap trio and lives in a chaotic apartment, while
Jimmy can support himself in upscale Silver Lake and drive a BMW,
despite having published only one novel, written during his post-
breakup depression, that has sold little and been remaindered at
the local bookstore. Gretchen is upset that her wedding is
ruined. Grey, thinking Bill has been neglecting and abusing Sue
by using her in his cons and scams, suggests Sue stay with her
when he leaves, but this only angers Bill, who says that after
all the years he looked after her, if he gave up Sue now, people
would make fun of her for being on welfare. Grieving, Vladimir
goes to a Russian nightclub to ease his mind. Griff (Mitch
Morris) is a nerdy, well-dressed guy who is secretly in love with
Jarod. Griff again makes an invisibility cloak but this time his
boss sees his face on camera he gets fired from his job. Griff
enters unseen into the room, and when Melody holds up the device
to her eyes, she can see him standing there again. Griff hears
this and realizes the fact that everything is his imagination.
Griff is a socially awkward person who gets bullied by co-worker
Tony by day. Griff runs into his room to put on his invisible
suit, and Melody opens the box. Griff takes her into his arms and
she utters, "You can believe it". Grigio tries to kill them, but
one of his soldiers intervenes, and Grigio nearly falls off the
roof. Grimandi, who lives and works on the basis that he
considers himself lucky "firstly because I am French, secondly
because I make movies, and thirdly because I understand love" is
shown regularly to give us the benefit of his advice. Grimes then
seeks to rekindle his old romance. Grocer decides to kill Bart
himself to impress Martin's client. Grosvenor (Alan Mowbray), the
Kilbournes' butler, discovers at breakfast that the family silver
has been stolen by the latest tramp, Ambrose, whom Emily
Kilbourne (Billie Burke) had taken under her wing as the
chauffeur, in her latest attempt to reform fallen and destitute
men, much to the exasperation of the rest of the family. Growing
up in New York, he vexed his mother with impossible questions
about the emptiness of existence, but he was precocious about his
innocent sexual curiosity. Guiding them is restaurant owner Jack
(John Mahoney) who provides them with advice and jobs for some of
them who work part-time as servers at his restaurant. Guilt-
ridden, however, he asks her to leave. Gump cannot resist. Guru
Tugginmypudha taught him the lesson of distraction with the use
of his own urine. Gus Kubicek (played by Guttenberg) is a
depressed and overweight cartoonist who recently won a battle
against Hodgkin’s disease. Gus asks if he would still like to
have the party scheduled for the coming Friday, and Jonah allows
them to keep the date, not wanting to explain his condition to
party-goers. Gus gives counterfeit money to Rita and Sergei to
spend. Gus is hurt and infuriated, feeling that his daughter has
betrayed him. Gus refers to anybody who is non-Greek as "Xenos".
Gus refuses. Gus suspects nothing; he worries only that Cummings
will reform his bar and scare away his customers. Gus works with
two other crooked entertainer-assistants, Russian Rita (Rafaela
Ottiano) and Rita's lover, the suave Sergei Stanieff (Gilbert
Roland). Gus' brother, Panos (Mark Margolis), flies over from
Greece for the ceremony as a surprise   Paris has been accepted
by Northwestern University in Chicago and NYU in New York City.
Guy Stone (Matt Letscher) is blissfully closeted, picking up
tricks for one-night-stands, while capturing the country's heart
as "America's most eligible bachelor" (starring in such films as
The Love Barrel and I Married the Ghost). Guy and Faye start a
family in Washington, where Guy teaches jazz composition at a
music conservatory that he and Faye open. Guy and Josie attend
the prom as Rosalind and Orlando from Shakespeare's As You Like
It. Guy asks her to dinner and Nat declines. Guy chases after Nat
and they bump into Chloe and Josh on the street. Guy explains
that he basically grew up in the factory during his childhood
summers. Guy is sorry to see the end of the band. Guy shows Nat
around one of the factories he owns, where one of his longest-
serving workers expresses approval of her as a potential wife for
him. Gwen Moss (Jeanne Tripplehorn) has spent the better part of
her life waiting for the man of her dreams, unaware she briefly
bumped into him at school as children and has had several close
encounters ever since. Gwen also meets Newton's parents, who are
heartbroken that Newton got "married" without telling them, but
Gwen manages to smooth things over with them with her charm. Gwen
and Hector are the antagonists, Eddie is the protagonist and Kiki
is his love interest in the story. Gwen and Marc come over for
dinner and Caleb is chagrined to see that Kyle's invited Caleb's
family as well. Gwen and Marc storm into Kyle's house after
witnessing the debacle, and Troy scolds the group for being so
sex-crazy. Gwen encourages Kiki to be her go-between with Eddie
so she can have some alone time with Hector. Gwen goes to the
town's general store, where she charges her groceries to the
"Newton Davis" account. Gwen hangs up to come home and Marc
masturbates next to Caleb. Gwen is hired to ghostwrite the
autobiography of former child star Francesca Lanfield (Sarah
Jessica Parker), whose career virtually ended following her stint
on a long-running Partridge Family-Brady Bunch hybrid sitcom.
Gwen meets Becky, and spins a lengthy romantic story about how
they fell in love, which surprises and impresses Becky. Gwen
moves into La Fortuna and finds herself surrounded by an
assortment of odd but lovable neighbors who have created a family
of their own. Gwen starts creating all sorts of opportunities for
Newton: mending his relationship with his parents, helping out
with his career by befriending Newton's boss and highlighting his
long-ignored talent, and making Becky jealous. Gwen starts to
date a girl experimentally. Gwen storms out of the house in
tears, and Newton follows her, thinking it is still part of the
plan. Gwen takes it upon herself to out Caleb to his parents
(Murph Michaels and Mattie van der Voort). Gwen tries to salvage
the situation by announcing that she is reconciling with Eddie.
Gwen's sister and personal assistant, Kiki (Julia Roberts), and
Gwen's lover (Hector) are also involved. Gwenn is suspicious of
Flame's motives, as Beauregard is suspicious of Hogan's motives
in suddenly taking piano lessons with her. Gwyn Marcus (Sarah
Jessica Parker) has always wanted a marriage like her parents.
Gyeon-woo convinces him to release her, and she in turn convinces
the soldier to free Gyeon-woo and go on with his life and pursue
another love. Gyeon-woo just cannot seem to catch a romantic
break. Gyeon-woo, completely flustered, carries her all the way
to the nearest hotel. Hadley, for her part, announces immediately
following her graduation that she is engaged to her boyfriend of
three years, and pregnant. Hal Larson (Jack Black) is a
superficial man whose fixation on the physical beauty of women
gets in the way of seeing their inner beauty. Hal and Rosemary
reconcile, cheered by the crowd as they kiss. Hal and his equally
shallow friend, Mauricio Wilson (Jason Alexander), spend their
nights obnoxiously hitting on beautiful women at nightclubs. Hal
arrives at the home of Rosemary's parents, where a bon voyage
party for Rosemary is underway. Hal attempts to find Rosemary,
but instead encounters a young patient named Cadence at the
hospital where Rosemary volunteers. Hal becomes trapped in an
elevator with famous American life coach Tony Robbins. Hal begins
to avoid Rosemary, who becomes melancholic without him around.
Hal convinces Mauricio to accept his abnormality, with
confidence. Hal does not realize he's been hypnotized and later
meets Rosemary (Gwyneth Paltrow), daughter of the president of
the company where he is employed. Hal makes up with Mauricio and
decides to reconcile with Rosemary. Hal realizes his true
feelings for Rosemary who has, coincidentally, arrived at the
same restaurant with her family and sees Hal and Jill seated
together. Hal says he is coming, too, having just been sworn into
the Peace Corps right before arriving to the Shanahan's home. Hal
soon marries an exceedingly vain, and selfish woman named Fiona,
who has socially-awkward fraternal twin daughters, Brianna and
Gabriella. Hal's work life is steady, but he is dismayed after
being passed over for a long-sought promotion. Hal, during his
search for Rosemary, finds that Mauricio had his own reason for
stopping Hal's hypnosis: He has a vestigial tail, which has
prevented him from ever getting close to a woman. Hale states
that Ralph has royal blood, and that the country will have to
accept him unless Ralph commits a grievous error. Hallerton and
Riley view Valentine as a "hick", while Riley and Valentine think
Hallerton is a "snob", and Hallerton and Valentine think Riley is
a "punk". Hallerton, meanwhile, has misgivings about the
corporate life ("Situation-Wise"). Hallerton, who had planned to
become a painter, has gone into a high-stress job in advertising,
and his marriage is crumbling. Halley Marie Martin (Mandy Moore)
is a 17-year-old high school student who is disillusioned with
love after seeing many dysfunctional relationships around her.
Halley and Macon eventually start a relationship. Halley and her
mother get into an argument and on New Year's Eve, Halley sneaks
out with Macon to a party. Halley gets a broken arm, but
otherwise they both walk away from it unharmed, but Halley breaks
up with Macon saying that she can't wait around for him to grow
up. Halley playfully uses Macon's 'Jedi Mind Trick' and they kiss
and dance briefly in the hallway. Halley's father, Len Martin,
marries his mistress, Lorna, in a beach-side ceremony, with
guests from all over the world, or "within his radio frequency",
as Halley puts it. Hallie and Duncan are able to pursue a real
relationship and happily go on a second date with the President's
approval and the Secret Service SUVs and Marine One accompanying
them. Handy believes that, by becoming mayor, he can show Sally
he is a mature decision maker and win her heart. Hank Salko
(Gabriel Dell), a member of the Eastside youth gang in New York,
is initiated into the world of adult crime when two gangsters,
Mike (Joe Kirk) and Butch Brocalli (Maxie Rosenbloom), hire him
to stand watch while they rob a bank. Hank comforts Ruby,
signifying their budding relationship. Hank is instrumental in
knocking Mike out, and after the gangsters are arrested, Hank is
released from his sentence. Hank, already struggling through his
recent divorce from Angie, loses his job as a family holiday
photographer when replaced by a machine. Hanley (William Powell)
whose worth is irreproachably large. Hanlon suggests that Susan
stay with Mark until her arraignment the day after Christmas.
Hannah Lewis (Anna Faris), Matt's co-worker, has a crush on him
despite the fact that she is going out with a handsome but
shallow underwear model. Hannah and Tom eventually get married.
Hannah and Tom go on their honeymoon. Hannah arrives to see Jenny
sitting on Matt's lap. Hannah asks Tom to be her maid of honor
for her wedding. Hannah intervenes just as Jenny grabs the
meteorite, which explodes in a burst of power. Hannah leaves and
Tom runs after her. Hannah plays Harry, a very shy young gay man
who has a birthmark in the shape of Madagascar across much of the
left-hand side of his face. Hannah serves as the stalwart hub of
the narrative; most of the events of the film connect to her.
Hannah tells Colin that she is very sorry and that he is the
perfect guy, just not the perfect guy for her. Hannah's ex-
husband Mickey (Woody Allen), a television writer, is present
mostly in scenes outside of the primary story. Happy and Flame
each come up with excuses for not marrying Gwenn and Beauregard
before the last prize show, which deflates both siblings. Happy
romance. Happy stars. Happy then asks a very simple question
about Beauregard himself, and not about any subject in a book,
namely, what is Beauregard's Social Security number. Happy-go-
lucky advertising executive David Basner, who recently got a
promotion at his Chicago ad agency, returns to work from a
vacation. Hardy’s senseless namedropping gets him into trouble
when his father, the honorable judge James Hardy (Lewis Stone),
decides to move to New York with the whole family, to work on a
case involving an orphanage. Hare-brained schemes keep
interrupting the honeymoon plans of newlyweds Bill (Franchot
Tone) and Margaret Weldon (Lucille Ball). Harley appears and
notes her change in appearance -- the flowers are actually from
him. Harley claims he is willing to do anything to be near her.
Harley knocks Sarah down and forces Judith to leave. Harley says
Judith's sex life is boring. Harley, a wealthy Internet
entrepreneur who wants to invest in Janice's business, attempts
to seduce Judith as they work late on matchmaking surveys. Harold
"Handy" Harrison is a commoner working as the local plumber of
Mooseport, who also owns a hardware store. Harold (Harold
Goodwin), an MGM cameraman who has designs on Sally himself,
mocks his ambition. Harold Chasen (Bud Cort) is a young man
obsessed with death. Harold Hall, a young man with little or no
acting ability, desperately wants to be in the movies. Harold
McMurphy (Piven) is a single, 30-year-old, Hollywood-obsessed
tour bus driver in Beverly Hills who works for his father's
struggling tour company. Harold Meadows (Lloyd) is a tailor's
apprentice for his uncle in Little Bend, California. Harold and
Sidney set out to stop Harold's budding relationship with Amanda
before it embarrasses them both. Harold appears and after sending
Scott home, tells Thorne to back off. Harold arrives and Madea
repeats what she told Tammy, and now that they're both here she
tells them both that if her car isn't fixed when she's ready to
leave, they'll have to run like hell. Harold arrives at Amanda's
house and she tells him that his father already explained
everything. Harold considers the trip a revelation and begins
renouncing aspects of "straight" society. Harold embarks on a
frenzied headlong dash, involving bootleggers, car chases and
multiple changes of vehicle (from missing the train to various
cars to a trolley to a police motorcycle to a horse-drawn wagon
to horseback), through the countryside and along the crowded
streets of Culver City and Los Angeles. Harold goes to meet them
and overhears a conversation in which a man hits on a woman by
telling her that he is a writer represented by Arthur Blake
(Shawn). Harold meets with Amanda to discuss the script and is
the only person who sees the same problems with the screenplay
that she sees. Harold races with Rich to get to Amanda's house
first so he can finally explain why he lied about being a writer.
Harold rescues her dog and helps Mary hide it from the conductor.
Harold rushes Maude to the hospital, where she is treated
unsuccessfully and dies. Harold saves himself, but Sally is
trapped by the circling boat. Harold tells Scott he is
responsible for vice principal Rusty Thorne breathing down his
neck, due to a scare he'd given him when he was in high school,
and advises him to be himself and not the wolf. Harold then spots
up-and-coming actress Amanda Clark (Fenn) arguing with her agent,
Sidney Stone (Williams). Harold tries to tell Amanda the truth
about himself, but can't bring himself to. Harold's father
answers, thinking he's talking to Lulu, and tells her to forget
about Harold because he's only interested in Hollywood floozies.
Harold's father finds out that Amanda accused him of being
obsessed with floozies and realizes that he is the reason they
broke up. Harper and Lance seem to be as close as they were in
the old days. Harper gets a phone call from Q and puts it on
speakerphone to share the call with Lance. Harper goes down to
the kitchen, and as he heads back to bed, he finds Mia throwing
up blood. Harper reluctantly agrees, but keeps the biography a
secret. Harper witnesses this from a distance and rushes to
Lance's aid, comforting him. Harriet arranges for Alfred to meet
the sheikh (Amr Waked) at his estate in the Scottish Highlands.
Harriet asks if he will need a partner—and Alfred realizes she is
talking about herself. Harris Telemacher (Steve Martin) is a TV
meteorologist living in Los Angeles. Harris finds Owen's
manuscript interesting but ordinary, but believes Steve's
manuscript to be not only worthy of publication but a serious
candidate for literary prizes. Harris only has $40,000 on hand,
so he tells Johnny he will send him the rest later. Harris then
makes two more bets for Johnny, both winners. Harris, who now
employs Elsie (Helen Walker), Owen's former secretary before
Steve, also asks to see Steve's manuscript. Harrison becomes
increasingly suspicious of his wife. Harrison keeps his promise,
but Cole votes for himself anyway. Harrison later reveals to
Sally that he conceded the election because Cole needs the
mayorship more than he does and that all he really wanted was to
propose marriage to her, which he does. Harry (Alan Rickman) is
the managing director of a design agency; Mia (Heike Makatsch) is
his new secretary. Harry Bliss (Nicholson) runs a guard dog
service and is going through counseling with his wife, Adele
(Lauren Tom). Harry Mork (Glenn Ford) is a womanizing former
traveling salesman for a greeting card company, who now wishes to
settle down. Harry Tasker leads a double life; while his wife
Helen and daughter Dana believe him to be a run-of-the-mill
computer salesman, he is actually a black operative for a covert
counter-terrorism task force known as Omega Sector. Harry and
Helen are called to embark on a new mission together at a formal
party, where they encounter Simon attempting to seduce one of the
female guests. Harry and his partners Albert "Gib" Gibson and
Faisal infiltrate a private function in Switzerland, where they
learn of the existence of a Palestinian terrorist group known as
the Crimson Jihad, led by Salim Abu Aziz. Harry arrives and
toasts George. Harry becomes a Navy pilot and shoots down a
kamikaze plane that would have bombed an amphibious transport; he
is awarded the Medal of Honor. Harry becomes increasingly aroused
by Mia's overtly sexual behavior at the office and does nothing
to dissuade her. Harry begs her forgiveness. Harry commandeers
one of the jets to rescue his daughter. Harry considers himself a
ladies' man, but his confidence is temporarily shaken when an
Internet "dream date" turns out to be a prostitute (Janice
Hamilton). Harry does not go along with the idea, believing Vada
is too young to be traveling by herself, and fearing what might
happen to her inA. Harry has accepted a promotion to an office
job in New York City, and has gotten engaged to Phyllis (Angela
Lansbury), a middle-aged widowed housewife from Altoona,
Pennsylvania. Harry heads to Helen's office the next day to
surprise her for lunch, but overhears her talking on the phone to
a man named Simon. Harry is a natural-born liar who, because of
his profession, feels that he lives by a code of honor — even if
he can't quite explain it — as one thing after another spins out
of his control. Harry is able to rescue Dana while he and Aziz
struggle in the cockpit. Harry is comfortably married to his
wife, Karen (Emma Thompson), who stays home to raise their
children. Harry is mildly annoyed by Patrick's unexpected arrival
and embarrassed by his casual attitude towards women, sex and
nudity, particularly after Patrick moves into Harry's hotel room
with his purportedly platonic female friend, Émile Zola Bernkrand
(Joanna Crawford). Harry is staying alone in the same hotel as
Evie while he starts his new job and finds an apartment, where
Phyllis, who is still back in Altoona, will later join him. Harry
is surprised to find that Patrick is not the young boy he had
expected based on a photograph, but instead is an 18-year-old
bohemian with a beard (which, it is later revealed, got him
expelled from school). Harry kills two of Aziz's men and pursues
the leader through the streets of Washington,C, but loses him on
a rooftop. Harry realizes that he truly loves Evie, and that
Patrick and Phyllis need to spend more time with each other
rather than with him. Harry refuses to give Dawg his piece and
escapes with Morgan's help, but not before being mortally
wounded. Harry suspects that antiques dealer Juno Skinner has
ties to Aziz, and visits her undercover as a corporate art
consultant. Harry takes Evie back to the hotel and impulsively
kisses her, but Phyllis unexpectedly arrives from Altoona. Harry
thus arranges for Helen to participate in a staged spy mission,
where she is to seduce a mysterious figure in his hotel room and
plant a bug on his phone. Harry, Helen, and Dana are then safely
reunited. Harry, who wants to buy the store as part of a
bootlegging operation, attempts to sell the duo an alcohol-laced
drink, referring to it as "lemon-syrup". Harvester soon teams up
with Dana, the senator, and powerful Washington socialite Adele
Wright (Agnes Moorehead), threatening Ed with a Senate
investigation. Harvey is dancing and appears to have forgotten
Kate. Harvey is enjoying himself on the dance floor and Kate is
left at the children's table, finding herself again in the same
position as on the blind date. Harvey quits his job, deciding he
prefers to remain in London and explore the possibility of a
relationship with Kate. Harvey, feeling lonely and not wanting to
stay in an hotel by the airport, follows Kate and joins her on
the train to Paddington station. Harvey, now looking for Kate,
goes into the corridor and seeing her waiting for the elevator,
he disappears into a side room where there is a piano and begins
to softly play one of his own jazz compositions. Hatari. Hathaway
arrives home and in disbelief, assesses his ruined home. Hathaway
has removed the laser from the lab. Hathaway is secretly
developing the laser for the CIA, but instead of doing the work
himself, he has his unpaid students do it, while misappropriating
the project funding to remodel his house. Hathaway's sycophantic
graduate assistant Kent becomes hostile when Hathaway puts Mitch
in charge of the laser project. Hating her new job and only
seeing Mickey a few days each month, Ellen becomes lonely and
depressed. Hauled off to jail, but with Irma in love with him,
Nestor is sentenced to 15 years' hard labor. Havel (Miloš
Forman). Havel, he keeps these thoughts mostly to himself. Having
a special interest for trains, she is enthusiastic to do an
article on rail transport. Having achieved his goals, Oberon
releases Titania, orders Puck to remove the donkey's head from
Bottom, and arranges everything so Helena, Hermia, Demetrius and
Lysander will all believe they have been dreaming when they
awaken. Having been blind from birth, he volunteers for a risky
experimental visual prosthesis that may restore his sight—having
a microchip installed in the visual cortex of his brain that
connects to a camera that would give him only, at best, fuzzy
black and white images. Having been left without a lover, job, or
home, Cecilia ends up immersing herself in the frothy escapism of
Hollywood once again, sitting in a theater watching Fred Astaire
and Ginger Rogers dancing to "Cheek-to-Cheek" in the film Top
Hat, forgetting her dire situation and losing herself in the
film. Having been the Prince of Darkness for ten thousand years,
the Devil assembles his sons to decide which of them will succeed
him, but instead he keeps the throne for himself. Having been
told by Rafferty that Lenny will die just as Bobby did earlier,
Bobby offers to trade his own chance to move Uptown (essentially,
his own immortal soul) to save Lenny's life. Having been told by
his manager that Mabel is going to marry crooner Ronny Caudwell
(Robert Paige), an enraged Cain is waging an all-out fight
against his opponent, until he hears Mabel's voice and is knocked
down. Having both come from dysfunctional families, with divorced
parents and siblings with out-of-control kids, the two disdain
the idea of getting married or having kids. Having decided to
make a self-financed documentary film about these
revolutionaries, Sue travels to India, with the help of her
friend, Sonia (Soha Ali Khan), from the Institute for
International Studies at the University of Delhi. Having
discovered the problems at the opera house and also having
coerced the publisher to pay Nanny richly for her book, the
witches investigate the mystery, with Granny posing as a rich
patron, and Nanny insinuating herself into the opera house staff.
Having discovered the property was designed by Sophia Monroe, one
of the first female architects of note (and coincidentally Nick's
mentor during the early stages of his career), and served as home
to silent film star Louise Brooks, Gwen hopes she can have it
declared an historical landmark with the assistance of Jon Haas,
the city councilman she is dating. Having done the time, he
decides he may as well do the crime. Having failed to nail
Elizabeth for cheating, Amy accuses her of drug use, based on a
tip from a student. Having failed to realize that the role of
King comes with formal expectations, and that he cannot rely on
his charm or blue-collar background, Ralph accepts a stern rebuke
from Sir Cedric Willingham and endeavors to set things right.
Having fallen in love with Jim, she refuses to help the police
find him. Having gone through his own divorce, Max then confronts
her that she's not ready to be dating again and to take her time.
Having gotten a makeover and lessons on how to attract guys and
be popular, the Zetas throw a party, which is a huge success.
Having gotten over her initial dislike for Paul, she agrees to
his suggestion that they get married for real. Having had enough,
the mouse gets his revenge by going into the kitchen and hurling
a pie with an iron stuffed inside; the cat is angered, but
continues with a few more bars. Having heard about her from
Daniel, he realizes who she is and calls Laurence to boast that
he is about to make her his conquest. Having heard rumors that he
is secretly a ladies' man, she also hopes to get the general to
disclose something scandalous. Having just served five years in
prison for a crime he did not commit, Billy Brown (Vincent Gallo)
kidnaps a young tap dancer named Layla (Christina Ricci) and
forces her to pretend to be his wife. Having learned of Estelle's
presence from other neighbors, Alice takes Isolde home to dress
her properly for the interview. Having learned of Iris's shady
character, Breezy goes back to Maisie. Having lost him, Hawk
attempts to capture Herbie; but when Hawk insults him, Herbie
causes a series of traffic collisions and discards Hawk at his
own office door, where Hawk orders his subordinates to capture
Herbie again, followed by a policeman giving Hawk several tickets
for traffic offenses. Having made that mistake himself, he
decides to race after all. Having met the firehouse's
inhabitants, Willoughby becomes disillusioned and decides to
return home to Missouri. Having never been much good at sports,
and because he is more interested in being a veterinarian, Todd
is certain that Finstock has the wrong guy. Having never met the
real dr Rosenberg, she poses as her shrink in an attempt to steer
him away from his girlfriend and towards her. Having obtained
Nicole and Willoughby, Herbie rounds up several other Volkswagen
Beetles from various places in the city, and comes after Hawk and
his men as an army and ruin his scheme. Having put virtually all
of his money on the outcome of a Philadelphia Eagles game, he
asks Pat to attend as a "good-luck charm". Having quit her job in
France, Ellen marries Mickey. Having researched her interests,
Sherman pretends to be a sculptor. Having run through the women
who have turned him down, Samuel sees Minta for the first time as
more than a housekeeper and decides that she is the woman for
him, if she'll have him. Having seen how frail life can be, Sarah
decides to have children, and take the new position at work, and
will try to balance both in her life with support from Mauricio.
Having sex outside their relationship is improving their sex
life. Having supposedly left no will, Fiona receives all of his
belongings, including the house, the diner, and to her dismay,
Sam. Having time to think about his baby daughter, Adam returns
home in the spring just as Echo Pass is opening and reconciles
with Milly. Having tracked Harry via Helen's tracker, he is
rescued by agents led by Gib and together they begin pursuit the
convoy, sending two Harrier Jump Jets. Hawk has made numerous
attempts at evicting mrs Steinmetz, intending to imprison her in
a retirement home of his own making; but Hawk's lawyers have been
unsuccessful in these attempts, and when his lawyer nephew
Willoughby Whitfield (Ken Berry) comes to visit him, Hawk sends
him to mrs Steinmetz in their stead. Hawk is pursued from the
grounds by Herbie, and arrested by the police. Hawk pursues; but
Herbie distracts him and later rescues mrs Steinmetz and Judson
from a potential crash after "No. Hawk thereafter recruits an
independent demolition agent named Loostgarten (Chuck McCann);
while Mrs Steinmetz decides to confront Hawk herself. Hazard
Endicott's arrival changes her plans. He "borrows" a Captain's
uniform and visits her, where he is introduced as Captain Curtis
to several other officers, including Barton and the officer whose
coat he was wearing. He accepts her and becomes her boyfriend. He
accepts that boxing is his dream, not Izzy's, and says how proud
he is of what he had done. He accepts the position only because
it will put him in daily contact with editor Linda Gilman, whom
he once loved. He accidentally escapes when the phone booth he's
using is taken out for replacement. He accompanies Stiva to a
gentleman's club, where the two meet Vronsky. He accompanies her
in a sleigh to the faculty Christmas party, which turns out to be
dull. He accuses her of leaving him to be with Tracy and believes
Pegeen's parents have turned her against him. He accuses her of
not knowing what real loss is. He acts unflappable and doesn't
falter as Britney gives him instructions through a hidden
earphone. He admits he didn't tell her because he thought they
were good together and didn't want that getting in the way. He
admits he loves her as well, "but the timing stinks". He admits
he loves her, but then his father (Henry Kolker), the lieutenant
governor, shows up, followed by Michael's wife Agnes (Leona
Maricle). He admits his failure to the class and resigns from all
committee work. He admits his feelings for her and the two become
a couple. He admits that he too loves her and wants to be with
her. He admits to Lee that he's in love with Kiki and has always
liked her for the person she is inside and out. He admits to
Pirovitch that he is nervous about meeting this "most wonderful
girl in the world" for the first time. He admitted he had to flee
the USSR himself due to his failure to prevent Vladimir's
defection, but has also come to appreciate New York City. He
adopted Rosie (Anita Louise) when she was three, and has raised
her to become a pretty young woman, who is just as good an
operator as her adoptive father is. He advises Jack to take the
time to learn whatever it is that he needs to learn. He advises
her to accept the fellowship as matters with her father will
worsen. He again distracts the now very edgy mrs Lloyd by showing
her another room, explaining that the Lloyds' room is not as
nice. He again gives a prophecy of the death of a famous former
baseball player in a plane crash. He again receives a mauling
from the wildcat, and incorrectly assumes, "Flirt". He agrees on
condition that she does her lion taming act, which includes
putting her head into the mouth of one of the beasts, promising
her that it will get her (and him) to the "Big Show". He agrees
only on condition that, if their horse wins, she accompany him on
a platonic trip to see the sights before she settles down to
married life in Poughkeepsie, New York. He agrees to donate his
blood for the transfusion. He agrees to get an annulment from
Vicki and to pay a considerable sum to charity if he should dare
disappoint Horner's daughter again. He agrees, and Tony drives
Jess to the game, where the Harriers are losing 1-0 with half an
hour left. He agrees, but before the evening is out, the Sheriff
(Clifford Dempsey) arrives and asks him to leave town for running
a dishonest game. He agrees, but looks less than thrilled when
she says, "Mother will love it up here". He agrees, but that
night is busy at the cafe ("Tokay"). He aims to learn more about
lucid dreaming by buying books and even attending classes taught
by an eccentric lucid-dreaming enthusiast, Mel (Danny DeVito). He
alerts Kay that he will be ready to have lunch in just a while,
but two women, who believe that he is selling the carpets, demand
to buy them. He allows the delivery man to deliver the package,
and confesses his love to Ivy, who kisses him passionately. He
also acts very clumsily (because of the loss of the ability to
feel) during the basketball game he is invited to see with a
client who needs to be impressed in order for Darryl to score
some points with the Smythe-Bates guys. He also asks that Toto
get examined by Churchill's doctor. He also befriends Heather
(Adrienne-Joi Johnson), a young woman whose husband, Harold
(Morris Chestnut), is a faithless louse. He also begins to endear
himself to the rest of the family; he impresses Becca's little
brother Zack with his computer skills, and Zack begins to see him
as a big brother. He also claimed that he believed that Miss
Bennet who, despite her amiability, is actually a bit reserved,
did not love Mr Bingley. He also convinces her that her talent
would never hurt her, and the death of her parents had nothing to
do with her. He also decides that he wants to father a child with
Pegeen and visits a fertility specialist without telling her. He
also describes Aschenputtel as his "first wife's child" and not
his own. He also discovers Diane's true identity, and promptly
dumps her. He also discovers Herbie to have an incredible turn of
speed for a car of his size and decides to take him racing. He
also discovers that one Puck Beaverton had switched shifts with
Glen Charlock on the day of Glen's death, and that Mickey had
been working at the time of his disappearance on a plan to atone
for his sins as a ruthless entrepreneur. He also faces opposition
from Reverend Lewis's sister, Paulina Prickett (LaTanya
Richardson), the church's high-strung and wicked treasurer, and
the same woman who led the townspeople into driving Darrin and
his mother out of Monte Carlo years before. He also falls in love
with Natalie Wilman, the mother whose baby he delivered and she
uses her training as a (non-practicing) lawyer to help him
achieve his dreams. He also fires the meek Eliot Loudermilk for
disagreeing with him, denies his employees their Christmas bonus,
and gives everyone on his Christmas list, including Grace and his
brother James, a monogrammed towel. He also fixes the television
set, which is greatly received by women he refers to as "Jane-
ites", as they have a great interest in films adapted from books
by Jane Austen. He also gets the news that he has been replaced
by Caitlin as the film club president. He also gives a $5,000
loan, without his wife's knowledge, to mr and mrs Adams, who need
it to save a gas station they bought. He also goes to his office
and takes some of his automobile sketches to show to Joan. He
also has an on-track, season-long rivalry with ambitious young
driver Aubrey James (Parker Stevenson), who drives a #10 1982
Buick Regal sponsored by Four-Star Whiskey. He also has
occasional oedipal / incestuous dreams about his mother. He also
hopes to benefit from the French community property laws in the
divorce, especially with regard to a painting owned by his wife's
family. He also inadvertently reveals embarrassing details to her
such as the fact that he has scarcely been to Earndale in his
life and that his family once controlled the seat as a rotten
borough. He also infuriates Buzz by pretending to buy a house and
bringing Dodie along as his fiancee. He also introduces Emma to
the town's local politicians and provides much-needed emotional
support for Emma as well as Jake, who is looking for a father
figure to emulate. He also learns about Akpor's eviction from
Clara's house. He also learns that Coy has been reunited with
Hope and their child, Amethyst. He also meets a woman in a dead-
end relationship with a bossy businessman. He also meets, and
ends up going out with, Hyacinthe Marquez, the beautiful and
witty cheerleader who does cartwheels as effortlessly as she
quotes Oscar Wilde. He also mistakenly confesses love to his
girlfriend's father who he thinks is his girlfriend as his sense
of sight is lost. He also mocks a bartender and waitress and
punches a student. He also must deal with Bernice and her
eccentric ways. He also notes that Beth and people like her are
stronger now than when they were living humans. He also notices
that Manise is still outside and manages to shake his tail, then
he rushes home turning the house upside down looking for
something and finds Cécile's notes on him, he changes his will:
nothing for Cécile or Claire, all for the children with a warning
not to trust their mother. He also orders the special supplies
Henry needs so he can continue painting up in Big Eden. He also
purchases four top-of-the-line, handcrafted, waterproof steamer
trunks from a fanatically dedicated luggage salesman. He also
recognizes her from her old days as a performer in the circus. He
also reconnects into his old childhood friend and crush Lilly
(Beyoncé Knowles), who has faced ostracization from the
townspeople similar to MaryAnn's, due to her being an R&B
nightclub singer, and having a son, Dean, out of wedlock. He also
reluctantly accepts, as a confidant, the proprietor of Chez
Moustache, a man known only as "Moustache". He also requests that
Blankman be there to protect the people and receive a special
award. He also returns the necklace to a humbled Cornelia, who
apologizes. He also reveals himself to be a book editor. He also
reveals that he and mrs Cheveley were formerly engaged. He also
runs into his ex-girlfriend Lila (Deborah Ann Woll), and they
have a heated argument in which Lila accuses Calvin of being
uninterested in anyone outside of himself. He also said that Elle
helped him remember that he wanted to make music then money, not
the other way around. He also sends young women to San Francisco
to be pickpockets. He also sings a few lines of 'Just an Echo in
the Valley'. He also starts reading the pregnancy books that he
had purchased early on. He also steers young Peter in the right
direction, trading him a pair of overalls for his "Buster Brown
suit" in which he now feels too citified, and offering him
haircut money and carpentry lessons. He also surreptitiously
calls his photographer friend, Irving Radovich (Eddie Albert), to
tag along to secretly take pictures. He also takes Lady Chiltern
aside and obliquely urges her to be less morally inflexible and
more forgiving. He also tells Banky that he realizes that Banky
is in love with him—kissing him passionately to prove the point.
He also tells Meena that he loves her. He also tells everyone
that his groomsmen are fake. He also tells him that she sings. He
also tells them that Lisa is his accomplice. He also tracks down
Steve's childhood friend to inform her of Steve's passing. He
also tries to block her from getting any other jobs, as an
attempt to make her stay. He also volunteers to deliver an
impassioned love note she penned to her imaginary sweetheart
Valentine, the name she had selected for him. He also vows to
properly take care of and guard Claire every night from now on.
He also wants Claude to move out. He also went on a disastrous
date with Hannah's sister Holly (Dianne Wiest) when they were set
up after the divorce. He and Barney then arrange for Polly the
Pistol (Kim Novak), a waitress and prostitute at a saloon on the
edge of town called the Belly Button, to pose as Orville's wife
and satisfy Dino. He and Charlie both face the ire of Principal
Newman when Charlie defaces the lockers. He and Cora perform the
tune as he and Sophie intended it to be sung, leading to the two
of them kissing. He and Denny are in love and plan to marry. He
and Doolittle agree that Eliza can continue to take lessons and
live at Higgins's house if Higgins gives Doolittle five pounds
for a spree. He and Ed encounter two zombies in their garden and
kill them with blows to the head. He and Eugene take to the road
to find her, in Eugene's rundown car. He and Gretchen meet as
Jimmy is being thrown out of the wedding reception after
whispering something offensive to Becca, while Gretchen has
decided to run off with one of the bride's wrapped gifts, which
turns out to be a blender, to her disappointment. He and Jason
are about to leave when they witness Kate and Glen arguing; when
Glen shoves Kate to the ground, Rusty punches him in the face and
flees with Kate and Jason. He and John go, in desperation, to a
local school to find yet another candidate for the position. He
and Judy eventually separate. He and Judy fall in love, and as he
is about to return to America they discover that the purchaser's
cheque is valid after all. He and Kiko end up competing for
Jackie's affection, and Kiko decides to give Jackie up out of
love for his brother. He and Kralik argue when Kralik mentions
his previous engagement. He and Lana later decide to turn his
parents' house into a brothel for a night; Joel's share of the
profits will pay for the car repairs. He and Mary wed just in
time. He and Mima flee aboard a ship, but Ace comes to realize
that Mima really loves Josh. He and O'Rafferty then become good
friends. He and Paula make a deal: he will pretend to be Santiago
in front of Paula's mother while she helps him to locate the
music. He and Sam break up after an intense argument, and Jack
drives back to his house to find Sally in bed with Michael. He
and Sherry indicate they intend to run off together as he is the
genius she's been looking for all this time. He and Susan attend
a college dance, but another misunderstanding prompts her to
leave with a student, who promptly gets Susan in trouble by drag-
racing with another car. He and his best friend Bromley (Joel
McKinnon Miller) practice hunting every day in preparation for
facing the Great Animal. He and his buddy Danny Kohana (James
Shigeta) go into the helicopter charter business together. He and
his eight-year-old son Jonah start a new life in Seattle,
Washington, but Sam continues to grieve. He and his entourage go
to the cafe, much to Keppel's delight. He and his family
inevitably experience dark and violent events through which the
characters change and grow. He and his family move to Detroit. He
and his fiancée Sophie agree that their intended marriage was for
convenience and not an ideal match. He and his friends track
Vicki to a nightclub where she has taken up with another shady
figure. He and his gang escape, leaving Teri tied up so as to
divert suspicion. He and his men take Jim home at gunpoint and
fetch a justice of the peace to marry Jim and Joan. He and his
mother run a candy store in Brooklyn, but Alby dreams of opening
his own restaurant in Manhattan, a project which will be very
expensive. He and his slacker buddies Joey (Kenny Luper) and Neil
(Christian Leffler) want to escape their small town but lack the
funds. He and his son are joyfully reunited. He and his soon-to-
be-ex-wife maintain the appearance of a happy marriage for the
sake of his sick mother. He and his two thugs, Slug (William
Haade) and Dimples (Tom Kennedy), barge into Lambert's apartment
to steal it. He and his wife live in a decaying neighborhood; his
wife, still despondent over losing their young son, lives in a
fantasy world. He and the blind woman escape to the city,
stopping at a restaurant. He and the children win the mural
competition, and Britney's business is back and better than ever.
He angrily blames Vicki, who walks out on him yet again. He
angrily confronts Alyssa while attending a hockey game, and
clumsily attempts baiting her into confessing. He angrily tells
them that everyone now thinks that he is a kidnapper, for which
"they will put me away" but can't bring himself to reveal that he
has a criminal record as a pickpocket. He apologizes and proposes
to Danielle by placing the glass slipper on her foot. He
apologizes for his behavior earlier before proposing to her. He
apologizes for his indiscretion but she says it happens to her
all the time. He apologizes for his recent actions and informs
Parliament that he has worked out a deal with the King of Zambezi
that will create British jobs. He apologizes on-air to James and
to Claire. He apologizes to Ramona and Knives for cheating on
them, and Scott and Knives join forces to defeat Gideon. He
apologizes to Tony and thanks him for trying to shield his family
from the sordid news. He apologizes to her as he finally dies. He
apologizes to his wife and children, then leaves. He apologizes
to them for his deception and is unable to choose between them.
He appears to have ambiguous feelings about the direction of his
life, while she seems more adjusted to her life choices. He
approaches Ashley in a lingerie store and complements her. He
approaches Peter and gets him to agree to woo Betty, posing as a
member of the upper classes, in exchange for $2,500 and Jimmy's
financing of the wooing. He approaches Sid Bliss to find his
third wife. He argues, but finally gives in and tells her to come
the next day at 5. He arranges a crooked poker game (with Jerry
Tarkanian as one of the other players) where Jack borrows $65,000
after being dealt a straight flush (7-8-9-10-Jack of clubs), only
to lose to the gambler's higher straight flush (8-9-10-Jack-Queen
of hearts); Tommy, however, promises to erase the debt - if he
can spend the weekend with Singer's fiancée. He arranges a
meeting between Kathleen and his on-line persona (along with his
dog Brinkley), but just before she is to meet this on-line
friend, he reveals his feelings for her. He arranges for Polly's
landlady to watch John while they go out together. He arranges
for a casual meeting at a dry cleaner shop, taking advantage of
the fact that Barbara has never met or seen him, and he poses as
an astronaut, Major Zip Martin, attentive and polite. He arranges
for her to spend a night at a seaside hotel and to be caught in
an adulterous relationship, for which purpose he hires a
professional co-respondent, Rodolfo Tonetti (Erik Rhodes). He
arranges for her to wear a hidden camera, and soon the whole
office becomes obsessed with her story. He arrives and calls one
of his manipulative sisters to learn where Lena is staying. He
arrives and takes her away. He arrives at his ex-wife (Katie's
mother)'s house and through their long lost passion for one
another, their love sparks again, much to Stuart's (Lois's
current husband) discomfort. He arrives at the Stooges' cabin
just in time to dispel the effects of the poisoned apple. He
arrives at the house, deduces what R really is, and attacks him
despite Julie’s protests. He arrives in Judgment City, a
Purgatory-like waiting area populated by the recently deceased of
the western half of the United States, where he is to undergo the
process of having his life on Earth judged. He arrives late for
dinner with Roberta and her friends. He arrives too late for the
wedding and sees Laida crying with Macoy beside her. He asks Abby
to come with him, but she declines, saying she can't. He asks
Frances to arrange his attendance at the masquerade ball the
coming weekend, when he believes the Cat will strike again. He
asks Helena to make a new start with him, but she refuses. He
asks Jenn to return his apartment key and refuses to speak to
her. He asks Maerose Prizzi, estranged daughter of Dominic, if
she recognizes the woman, oblivious to the fact that Maerose
still has feelings for Charley, having once been his lover. He
asks Sally to give their marriage another chance, but she tells
him to leave. He asks Stacy, "How do you do it, this male,
female, relationship thing. He asks for her address to send her
flowers, and shows up at her door. He asks her for a divorce and
she immediately and delightedly agrees. He asks her if she knew
Bill, since she cried when she saw him in the coffin. He asks her
to come back with him to Seattle, but she believes this is just
another fling for Jeff, so she refuses. He asks her to get in and
guide him to the Beverly Hills Regent Hotel, where he is staying.
He asks her to give him another chance for the sake of their
daughter Blossom, and offers to grant finally Susan the divorce
she seeks if he takes another drink. He asks her to marry him,
but she declines because of her troubled past. He asks her to
stay and return to the reception so he can dance her socks off.
He asks her to throw. He asks her where they are, and she lashes
out at him, leaving the clueless professor mystified by her
ingratitude. He asks her, "Are you following me. He asks if he
can walk her to her writing class on the South Bank. He asks the
police for Phillips insulin and injects himself. He asks the
police officer Murphy (J. He asks to make his next film an
adaptation of O Brother, Where Art Thou. He asserts that he will
never write about Ruby again. He assigns her a secretary, Amelia
Shotgraven (Neva Patterson), with secret instructions to obstruct
her as much as possible. He assumes that she is Caroline Lane. He
assures her she will have no such difficulty with him. He assures
her that he will stay in Modesto. He attacks her and forces her
down, beginning to produce the viscous fluid that had transformed
him. He attempts to apologize, but Trish, having found various
suspicious items in his apartment, is now afraid that Andy may be
some sort of sexual deviant. He attempts to call Leahy to warn
her. He attempts to call Sadie, but she refuses to listen. He
attempts to cheer her up and takes her along to a party hosted by
author Langdon Tharp (Steve Coogan). He attempts to clarify the
situation and explain to Kimberly but her father, Odiye
intervenes and orders him to leave his daughter alone,
reiterating the stereotyped bad image many young Nigerian men
portray to the Western world. He attempts to crash Claire and
Sack's engagement party but is caught and beaten by Sack. He
attempts to hire her to replace his old Chief Counsel, Amber. He
attempts to run them over and injures one of them. He avoids
stepping on sidewalk cracks while walking through the city due to
a superstition of bad luck, and eats breakfast at the same table
in the same restaurant every day using disposable plastic
utensils he brings with him due to his pathological fear of
germs. He awaits Susan's decision on whether the men should
change huts or share and share alike. He awakens with a start and
finds Angelina, who tells him Mario has left her and proposes
they wed. He awkwardly makes peace with Les in a bar, and Les
shows tentative support for Michael's attraction to Julie. He
backs her up with a guitar and she blows the judges away by
singing "Fairytale". He bangs on the glass at the back of the
church and screams out "Elaine. He becomes a full-time nanny for
the family and develops a close-knit relationship with the
children; and a chemistry starts to brew between Aram and Sandy,
ensuing in an awkward sexual encounter that the children come to
know about. He becomes a kinder man, while she helps him recover.
He becomes a mailroom clerk at the credit card firm where she
works and soon finds that he needs money to impress Amber. He
becomes annoyed when she chooses Paul Perry (Denys's future
employer) instead of him as her partner in a game. He becomes
cooler and more nonchalant around women. He becomes extremely
jealous when one of the visitors, Veslovsky, flirts openly with
the pregnant Kitty. He becomes more and more besotted by her. He
becomes the dance partner of Junie Budd (Daniels). He becomes
wealthy from the film's success. He befriends a basketball
prodigy named Julius, whose secret passion is surfing, as well as
Trevor and Darryl two charming and ambitious guys who call
themselves the Syndicate. He befriends a young girl named May
Chalotte (Mary Jane Saunders). He befriends fellow clerk Mary
Jones (Jean Arthur) and her recently fired boyfriend Joe O'Brien
(Robert Cummings), a labor union organizer. He begins a full
assault on baseball's single-season home run record of 61 (at
that time) and considers Debby a good-luck charm, wanting her to
be there at his games. He begins to fail on a regular basis and
the team's playoff chances could be in jeopardy. He begins to
fall for Sara, but she is conflicted because she has pledged to
reconcile with her ex-husband, Roland (Richard Grant). He begins
to make arrangements for Dan to have full custody of the child.
He begins to open up to her, revealing his personal and business
lives. He begins to pray for a miracle to save his aunt, but is
unable to go through with it. He begins to reconcile with Chad
and his other friends. He begins to spend time with Beth's
parents Maury (John Reilly) and Geenie (Molly Shannon) as a
source of comfort. He begins to succeed in his life, bonding with
his children, falling in love with his wife and working hard at
his job. He begins to take advantage of his patients (with their
consent) and quickly sheds the derisive slang labels of "lork"
and "sooser". He begins to tell her how much he loves her, but
she cuts him off, telling him that she has heard enough words; if
he really loves her, he should show it ("Show Me"). He begins to
write Ruby's story again out of desperation, and writes that Ruby
is also miserable without him. He begs her to let him make her
happy again. He believes Wade will not be able to get enough
votes to meet her side of the deal, thus releasing Shepherd from
responsibility if the bill fails to pass. He believes her and
heads to Acapulco instead)  When police chase her for speeding,
she abandons her car. He believes her at first, but then some
inconsistencies in her story cause him to check up on her; he
concludes that there is no Tony Merrick. He believes that she is
trying to prove her love for him by committing suicide, and
declares that he will save her. He berates his employees and is
generally curmudgeonly towards his well-wishers. He blackmails
Farrell (with a compromising photograph of him and Teresita) into
signing Eve to his show. He blackmails her into a sexual
encounter with him by threatening to tell Phil about her affair
if she refuses, and she reluctantly gives into his demands. He
books a single ticket on the Chennai Express, planning to meet
his friends along the way, at Kalyan Junction station. He bores
Daniel but fascinates Lauren with stories of his life. He borrows
150 dollars to pay for the feast. He brandishes a handgun, but
Max tackles Eric before he can harm Billy. He breaks free from
his chain and runs off to find them. He breaks into Julie's show
and tells her he loves her. He breaks into a bungalow nearby and
starts to throw stones on windows and consequently chased by the
residents. He breaks into the apartment, pointing a gun at the
pair. He breaks off his engagement and happily reunites with Evie
at the train station. He breezes through college while girlfriend
Susan Daniels studies hard while also working at a job to pay for
her education. He briefly reconnects with his parents, but is
able to tell them that he'll be fine. He brings Sally with him to
visit Dustin at his studio in Brooklyn and it becomes apparent
that Dustin finds Sally attractive. He brings her a bowl of
ramen, and she loves it. He brings her to his secret hideout, an
abandoned subway station, and they talk about how he took up his
duties to memorialize his grandmother and prevent crime. He
brings her to the birthday party of his friend's child where she
meets a man called Chris Smith and begins seeing him, to Jake's
chagrin. He brings this up when visited by the Council of
Legendary Figures consisting of Mother Nature, Father Time,
Cupid, the Easter Bunny, the Tooth Fairy, and the Sandman. He
built every house in town, and was closely connected to each and
every one. He bumps into Antoinette Lily (Sondra Locke) and John
Arlington (Geoffrey Lewis), who are there to be married. He
bursts in just in time, but he cannot stop stuttering long enough
to expose Ronald's intended bigamy. He buys a Cole Porter
gramophone record, and later finds Adriana's diary from the 1920s
at a book stall by the Seine, which reveals that she was in love
with him. He calls Justine a whore and drunkenly demands an
apology. He calls Lainey from the police station and confesses he
is in love with her. He calls her parents, shouting at them in an
angry tirade. He calls it a heartless joke, not art, and asks for
the ring back, as it was his grandmother's. He calls the bank to
request a delay in his debt payment and is transferred from one
office to another. He calls the police and the newspapers. He
calls the school and over the phone, mr Gilbert complains to ms
Baldwin about inept secretaries. He calls upon Robin "Puck"
Goodfellow, his "shrewd and knavish sprite", to help him concoct
a magical juice derived from a flower called "love-in-idleness",
which turns from white to purple when struck by Cupid's arrow. He
calls, knocks on her door, and eventually climbs her window. He
can fly for a long time and has good stamina. He can't get
through, however, because Denny's younger sister Sally is always
tying up the phone. He cannot abide that he, at approximate age
50, is in a relationship with a teenager. He cannot bring himself
to confess that he loves her, and insists to himself that if she
marries Freddy and then comes back to him, he will not accept
her. He cannot bring himself to sell out his newfound friends at
the gym for the sake of his job, and so he evades the inquiries
of his friend and coworker Hal Foss as to his progress in the
purchasing deal. He cannot fire her without questions being
asked, so he tries being aggressively romantic with her. He
cannot resist intruding when she kicks the new "Mike Chadway"
imitator off the air and goes into a tirade about what cowardly
weaklings men are. He carries her to her bed, but while searching
for smelling salts, he realizes she is faking when he sees her
(in a mirror) sit up briefly. He carries nightclub singer Belle
Mercer (Myrna Loy) out of the wreckage. He casts Zack and Benji
in the leading roles, in which they share a kiss, and Lilly in
the lead female role. He catches Satine before she steps on stage
and demands she tell him she does not love him. He changes his
fashion style, his hairstyle, and his attitude. He changes his
mind when Connie becomes upset and begs Grace not to include her
and Hughie in the will. He chases after Sam and apologizes. He
chases after her and gets her to come back. He chases her down
and tells her he heard from Laura's message that she called him
ugly. He chases her to the elevator and presses a button to keep
them stuck in it. He checks out his letter and sees that the
results are all negative. He chooses not to tell Kitty of the
change that he has undergone, and is initially displeased that
his return to his faith does not bring with it a complete
transformation to righteousness. He chooses the story of the
three musketeers. He claims that Ashley is his muse and without
her he can only draw crap. He claims that he doesn't have enough
money to get married; he wants to be able to support her on his
own first, so that she doesn't have to work at all. He claims
that he was too drunk to have sex and couldn't focus. He
clarifies to her that he's actually straight and she starts to
like him. He climbs up the vine to the balcony, recreating the
original famous scene from Romeo and Juliet, but accidentally
falls down, and they kiss as he lies on the ground. He coaches
the crowd to react to him as if he was a chimpanzee and he jumps
around in the cage, filming the crowd, as they throw him peanuts.
He coaxes mrs Hamilton to donate her money to feed and clothe the
needy — much to Henry's chagrin. He comes back to the Bluebird
Cafe but discovers that Miranda has left town. He comes by Lily's
house later that night to apologize, saying he was depressed and
needed to be alone. He comes home from a road trip to find Ellen
gone. He comes into Lou's room and starts to strangle her,
breaking off only because he still loves her and cannot harm her.
He comes to Donna's comedy show, but she leaves with another man,
Sam (David Cross). He comes to believe that the agricultural
reforms of Europe will not work in Russia because of the unique
culture and personality of the Russian peasant. He comes to
confront her about the book because he thinks it only points out
all the bad things in a relationship. He comes to her house at a
party in which Kay has ordered her guests to appear in animal
masks. He comes to know that for her research, Meeta has taken a
heavy loan of from a Chinese investor by forging her father's
signature. He comes to the last remaining memory of Clementine,
the day he had first met her at a beach house in Montauk. He
comes up with an idea. He comes up with the idea of recreating
iconic screen kisses from Hollywood movies (such as Burt
Lancaster and Deborah Kerr's in From Here to Eternity) using drag
queens in the female roles. He completely transforms himself, yet
when she sees him, all she talks about is Jason. He compliments
Connie's appearance and helps to bring her out of her shell for
Walter. He concludes that the two are having an affair. He
confesses to Nicole he is obsessed with owning the Cellini Venus,
and arranged the dinner in order to convince her to sell it to
him. He confesses to his friend dr Bob Davis (Tom Conway) that he
may have married a woman in London. He confides his predicament
to Salvador Dalí, Man Ray and Luis Buñuel, but being surrealists
they see nothing strange about his claim to have come from the
future, finding it to be perfectly normal. He confides his sexual
problems to his brother, John (Adam Trese), who is training to
become a Catholic priest. He confides in Q and shows him part of
the video. He confides in the pair about the previous night's
events before riding away, seemingly for good. He confides with
Andy that his girlfriend Jill learned of his infidelity and broke
up with him. He confides with his best friend Keenan (Dustin
Seavey) about his partial transformations, who in turn contacts
dr Sydney Catchadourian (Gina Bellman). He confronts Ernest in
feigned outrage, expressing his shock and disgust at his friend's
conduct, while slyly stressing that if Ernest and Anne wish to be
together, he can do nothing to prevent it and will give Anne a
divorce. He confronts Geenie and Maury with this and they explain
that, after the funeral, Beth suddenly reappeared, seemingly
alive and well. He confronts Joanna, calling her a bully and a
liar and then scolds Marni for starting the mess behind his back.
He cons Ridgeway into believing he bought Alexis off; Ridgeway
writes him a check for a million francs. He contacts Bud in
Houston and tells him about the storms that are forecast to hit
the landing site. He contacts Paul to have an affair with her, to
open up her mind to passion, rather than her career. He contacts
Sybil's sister and offers to help with her murder defense. He
continues to attend to his meaningless job as an insurance
salesman, still employs his cleaning lady and spends his nights
alone. He continues to deny he is. He convinces Carol to join him
in a dance contest, but when she is unable to perform the dance
steps of a new fox-trot, they fight. He convinces Dia to break
off her engagement, and moves in with her. He convinces Nancy to
fund the project, and he buys up all the outstanding shares in
the mine, gaining total control. He convinces Princeton
University's college football star, Carter "the Bullet"
Rutherford, to join the Bulldogs, hoping to capitalize on
Carter's fame as a decorated hero of the First World War (like
Alvin York, he single-handedly captured a large group of German
soldiers). He convinces a friend to cover for him and spread a
fake story about a broken water faucet. He convinces her to
accompany him to New York, where she indeed does become a
Broadway star. He convinces the firm to hire Polly back, and she
is summoned to a meeting with Dan Merlin (Fisher) the son of the
titular owner. He convinces the panicked women to leave their
rooms and then starts to look for a match. He convinces them when
he offers them a free furnished apartment which the other couple
forfeited by not showing up. He corrupts them and talks them into
staying in Paris. He counters that he didn't plan to ask her. He
crashes Baroque and Alix's wedding and promises to humiliate the
designer by publicly revealing who his bride really is unless
Baroque withdraws the charges. He crawls into his old room, only
to find Dorothy there. He crosses paths with Peggy Brown
(Reynolds), a model and dancer who has become jaded and cynical
after years of struggling to survive in the city. He dances with
each of the girls and appeals to their virtues, stressing the
importance of chastity. He decides once more to prove she is a
fraud. He decides that Joe would be a better match for his
landlady. He decides that the only way to win her affection is to
perform the Magic Pocket Slave Monsters theme he originally
performed and failed at their high school dance, again. He
decides there's nothing wrong with taking his son out to see the
river once in a while. He decides to approach her but withdraws
when he overhears she's living with Kevin. He decides to bring
his girlfriend with him, Rachel Chu, who has no idea about the
enormity of his wealth, and who is unprepared for immersion in an
overwhelming world of wealth that doesn't welcome her. He decides
to call Bottomley back for one question per show - and when
they've reached a new high in soap sales, the show will drop him.
He decides to cancel the plan to drain the oceans because it
would destroy life on Earth. He decides to go after her, and the
two reunite in Italy. He decides to hide until he can save enough
money to return to America, and assumes the identity of a
footman. He decides to interview her for a series of articles,
then falls in love with her. He decides to marry her anyway. He
decides to pretend having another amnesia episode and get Lois to
call off the wedding because he doesn't remember that he loves
her. He decides to provide fully equipped 10-acre farms free to
thousands of homeless families if they will work the land for
three years. He decides to recover the money, sneaking into
Charlie's home in the guise of an elderly woman. He decides to
return to America, and leaves Kat the money she had paid him. He
decides to show it at his school's science class presentation. He
decides to stay in the house and join the team as Bob, despite
his dislike of boats. He decides to surprise her on her birthday
and takes her on a nighttime trip to an amusement park which ends
up quite differently from how he planned: the pair encounter an
AWOL soldier who holds them hostage and rants about his misery
after being jilted. He decides to try to get Ann to marry him in
order to get a part of her fortune. He decides to visit Logan
immediately to tell him the good news, and is baffled by Logan's
horrified reaction when he opens the door. He declares "only
assholes get laid. He declares he will send the controversial
environmental bill to Congress with a massive 20% cut in fossil
fuels — far more than the 10% originally envisioned — and that he
is withdrawing his support for the weak crime bill, promising to
write a stronger one in due time. He declares that he will wait
for her as long as necessary in the street outside Higgins's
house ("On the Street Where You Live"). He declares that in six
months he could turn Eliza into a lady by teaching her to speak
properly. He declares to the cab driver that they're going back
to the church. He declines to dance with Elizabeth suggesting
that she is not pretty enough to tempt him. He defeats Ramona's
fourth ex, Roxy Richter, by prodding the spot behind her knee,
which Ramona tells him is her weak point. He defeats her third
ex, vegan Todd Ingram, who is dating Scott's ex-girlfriend, Envy
Adams, by tricking him into drinking dairy. He deliberately runs
into another lamppost and knocks himself out. He demands again
that Izzy gives him the rematch he had requested, and after some
mocking, Izzy agrees to it. He demands that his father drop the
story on the water supply (testing proves that the water is
completely ordinary) and stop the negative coverage of Hope
House. He demands that she leave Brice and offers to help with
her business. He demonstrates this to her by making her perform
various ever more frenzied and humiliating actions. He denies
that there is an affair, questions her motives for marrying him,
suggesting that perhaps she had only done so to boost her career
and lend credibility to her marriage counseling business. He
denies this, and unwittingly turns the tables and befriends the
frustrated detective Lloyd, showing him the pleasures that
Paradise Island has to offer, even paying for the most expensive
suite, the bridge suite, for as long as Lloyd is there. He
denounces Norton and tries to expose the plot at the rally, but
Norton speaks first, exposing Doe as a fake and claiming to have
been deceived, like everyone else, by the staff of the newspaper.
He describes his opponent as a bluestocking. He despairs of her
ridiculous affectations, social-climbing aspirations and constant
embarrassing attempts in company to show herself as an elegant,
cultured sophisticate. He destroys the costume and all computers
he was using in his imaginary world. He develops his skills
quickly, however, and the next day, demonstrates enough skill to
leave the three girls astonished once more. He develops ideas
relating to agriculture, and the unique relationship between the
agricultural labourer and his native land and culture. He
develops the Ulysses android (which looks exactly like him) for
the purpose of space exploration, since an android would not be
affected by the isolation. He dies as his car plummets over the
cliff into a fiery wreck. He discovers it is the doing of a six-
year-old boy, Grover Martin, whose Uncle Simon (Red Buttons), an
airline pilot, gave the boy a blinker light as a gift. He
discovers that Kitty is also being pursued by Count Alexei
Kirillovich Vronsky, an army officer. He discovers that Rosemary
is soon leaving for camp for six weeks and won't be back until
summer's end and her parents are planning to enroll her in a
private school. He discovers that Sophie was able to know so much
about him and his aunt because she and Howard collaborated to
fool Stanley. He discovers that contrary to what Manning
believes, it is actually potentially very profitable. He
discovers that he and mrs Robinson have nothing to talk about. He
discovers that he is invulnerable to physical harm, can no longer
tolerate normal food and drink, and has an insatiable need for
more blood. He discovers that she has long been in love with her
cousin Wilbur, but feels too socially awkward to pursue him. He
discovers that the dandy's mask hides his aged appearance. He
discreetly hides Irene's binoculars. He disguises her scent with
zombie blood, and takes her home where he hides her in a 747
airplane. He disguises himself in drag, as Francesca, as a means
to continue his search. He distractedly throws his change into
Eliza's basket, and she and her friends wonder what it would be
like to live a comfortable, proper life ("Wouldn't It Be Loverly.
He distracts Le Cocq with his idol, Celine Dion, then lies to
Prudence, telling her Darren stood up to his mom, getting her to
go back to Darren. He does her a favor by buying mango ice drinks
for Cecilia and her companions, only for them to flake out on
him. He does not hear from her for quite some time and his life
without her begins. He does not look where he is going and
accidentally falls through a hole just as the show is about to
begin. He does not realize she is the president's daughter, and
at first believes Hallie was playing a joke on him. He does not
say much, but he keeps leaving signs on his window about what he
would do to each of them. He does so, and O'Malley returns to the
mansion, instructing Roquefort to locate Scat Cat and his gang.
He does so, and Red uses it to capture Heaven's canine angels and
send them to Earth in the prison cells, including Anabelle. He
does suggest to Delacro, however, that he feels a compulsion to
defend his wife's honor, and therefore challenges the American to
a duel. He does this and insults women to make himself feel
better about the problem he has with his manhood; he suffers from
hypospadias. He does this, leading to a touching and romantic
scene where he arrives in disguise into a packed auditorium and
watches her play the melody of George Winston's variations on
Pachelbel's Canon in D on a piano onstage. He does, however,
write a letter of introduction to an academy for young gentlemen
which may prepare him for recruitment at a later time. He doesn't
confront her, but tells what he has found out to Charles. He
doesn't get much help from his roommate Rod (James DeBello), who
keeps telling him to give up, and together they philosophize
about men and women. He doesn't get to meet Claire, but is
instead confronted by a woman named Lili - Claire's look-alike
and illegitimate cousin from st Petersburg. He doesn't have much
luck when he tracks the man down, but he and Pola become enamored
with each other and eventually marry. He doesn't know what he
wants. He doesn't realize that Julie's at his house. He doesn't
realize that his girl-Friday is the one he really loves until it
is almost too late. He doesn't realize that she is the story: a
princess in exile, in danger of assassination; and, falling in
love with "Scoops", while engaged to a prince. He doesn't want
the kids to get married, so before the wedding he exposes the
Bensons' secret. He dominates the game with a no hitter, and at
one point he notices that Tenley has stopped by on her way to the
airport. He double exposes or over exposes much of the footage,
and the rest is simply no good. He drags a smitten Leahy off by
the hair. He dreams of becoming a New York City playwright, and a
small inheritance from his grandfather gives him his chance. He
dreams of becoming a famous writer, but his previous novels have
all been rejected by publishers. He dreams of deep space
exploration, which would be difficult because of the lack of
human contact for long periods of time. He dreams of finding a
perfect woman will love him for who he is, despite his father's
insistence that he lower his standards. He dresses in Fuzzy's
late grandmother's clothes, adopting the name Carlotta and a
conservative disposition. He drives Freddie's body to a remote
area in the woods and proceeds to lay her to rest. He drives her
to a remote cabin in the California woods. He drives to
Philadelphia and finds Aimee as she is leaving class. He drives
to all of the pseudovisions where he feels that she may be
hiding, but cannot find her. He drops back in the race in an
effort to lose, but his ego won't let him so he quickly begins
moving back through the pack. He drowns his sorrows with his
housemate and best friend Ed at the Winchester. He dumps her
using one of his staff who claims to be his best friend. He
encounters Marylin, who has divorced Howard and presumably
collected a sizable share of the Doyle Oil fortune. He encourages
Bernie to pursue her catering dreams  Robin ends up pregnant by
her married lover, but dumps him and decides to raise the baby on
her own. He ends their contentious time together with an
unwelcome kiss. He ends up confessing what happened with Kelsey
and though it's over he still works with her. He ends up falling
for her himself. He ends up working for Evelyn, whom he discovers
to be the boss from hell. He enjoys the fame and fringe benefits
of bachelor life until he meets rock singer Debby Huston, falls
in love and decides to settle down. He enlists the aid of an
insurance man, Hughson (John Williams), who reluctantly obtains a
list of the most expensive jewelry owners currently on the
Riviera. He enlists the help of chronicler John Reed (Maury
Chaykin), who often follows pirates to write his books. He
enlists the help of his neighbor, dr Dreyfuss (Jack Kruschen), to
revive Fran without notifying the authorities and sends his
confused bar pickup home. He enters the waltz contest with Carol
and ends up winning the first prize. He entices Yardley into the
kitchen with the smell of cooking kidneys. He escapes from the
jail, and is leaving town with Rosie, when the Sheriff and Billy
track them down to let them know that the real jewel thieves have
been apprehended. He escapes with his life and writes a long
letter to Elizabeth explaining his actions. He even buys off her
private investigator (Dean Stockwell) that she hires to make a
background check on him. He even inspires Raff's followers with a
rousing speech, during which he says, "Just because you're stupid
that doesn't mean you can't rule a planet. He even kidnaps
Hildy's stern mother-in-law-to-be (Alma Kruger). He even lets his
friends believe he is romantically involved with Miss Fowler. He
eventually admits he does and the pair make-out on stage. He
eventually agrees and their friendship blossoms. He eventually
asks her to marry him, but she only invites him to dinner at her
home. He eventually begins drinking again and sleeps with another
woman in order to break off their relationship. He eventually
climbs up the side of the building and when he finally gets to
talk to Millie, she tells him she is quitting her job since mr
Graydon is no longer available. He eventually continues to dream
about her, and even soundproofs his apartment, and makes other
efforts to be able to sleep longer, so that he can remain with
Anna for longer periods of time. He eventually does, but falls
asleep at the restaurant after drinking grappa. He eventually
ends up tearfully telling his story to the store owner, mr
Crowley (Henry O'Neill). He eventually finds her in the library
about to have sex with another student, and drops a lit candle in
a bin in shock. He eventually invites Lisa to Sandy's opening
show, where he learns that Polly is leaving New York for
Cincinnati in a few hours. He eventually manages to free himself
and quickly learns that Nadia has been left behind after Alexei
discovered she was pregnant. He eventually starts dating a woman
named Sandy and grows to like her more and more. He eventually
starts down a steep cliff side, but is unable to find a way to
the bottom. He exhorts Bulworth, who is presumably inside, to not
be 'a ghost' but 'a spirit' which, as he had mentioned earlier,
can only happen if you have 'a song'. He exits, leaving his men
to dispose of Phelps. He experiences a few more peculiarities
about the American culture. He experiences a revelation during
his delirium and thanks God for his life. He explains about her
six smiles: one smile when something makes her laugh, one for
polite laughter, one for when she makes plans, one when she makes
fun of herself, one when she's uncomfortable, and one when she's
talking about her friends. He explains that he and Isabella are
booked for the Italian Music Awards, but she left Italy after
their breakup. He explains that he had everything but when his
father died, he lost confidence. He explains that he received a
surprise bequest of four thousand pounds a year from the American
millionaire, which has raised him to middle-class respectability,
and now must marry Eliza's "stepmother", the woman he has been
living with for many years. He explains that the Delta Gammas
have always been his dream girls—his Love Goddesses. He explains
that the voices are prayers to God, and that Bruce must deal with
them. He explains to Otávio that he is the João from the original
timeline in the body of his new-timeline-self. He explains to a
shocked Otávio that he has traveled through time, but the machine
is too dangerous. He explains to her that he was supposed to sail
to Bermuda last night (a trip paid for by his future father-in-
law) and that he has nowhere to stay and no money. He explains to
her that they must deal with their unfinished business. He
explains to the Joy Jumpers, particularly Mary, that the
freestyle routine needed to be redone due to being too boring; he
tells them that freestyle should be based on fun, and brings up
their childhoods when they enjoyed jumping rope and singing along
with it. He explains why he came back, and didn't feel good about
conning the girl he truly loved, and that the four girls have
changed him into now becoming an honest and decent man. He
explains why he missed their rendezvous and tells her that he
wants to stay in London and begin a relationship with her. He
explains why they are in the city, and when he asks her why Riley
does not like humans she explains that he was abandoned as a
puppy and decided to make a home for other stray dogs to protect
them from all humans. He expresses his frustrations by
intervening in a situation and boldly saving an elderly transit
passenger from being mugged, and by ranting about the general
corruptible state that the city has become. He expresses his
scorn for the seemingly heartless, ultra-rich man, who will not
lift a finger to help the multitudes of desperate poor. He
expresses some skepticism in marrying Kimmy, explaining that he
and Kimmy don't share a special song like he and Julianne do. He
fabricates a story about a competing magazine's attempts to hire
Elizabeth, and Yardley decides to hire her back at double her
salary. He faces the consequences of an encounter with Norma
(Sheila White) and the wrath of the husband of older Fay (Joan
Collins), when said husband discovers Alfie's wallet under their
bed. He faces the hardships of coming out to his widowed mother
Nuru, as well as hardships in his relationship with his boyfriend
Giles. He falls for her but doesn't know her true identity. He
falls in love at first sight with Sylvia Robertson, an
aristocratic woman, and poses as a prince to win her love. He
falls in love with Doreen (Lyell), who works in a pickle factory,
but faces competition from a more sophisticated rival, Stror 'at
Coot. He falls in love with Susanne, the goalkeeper of the local
girl's football team. He falls in love with a driver from the
motor pool, Emily Barham (Julie Andrews), who has lost her
husband, brother, and father in the war. He falls in love with
his costar (Betty Grable), who's secretly married to actor John
Payne. He features in the Stand in the Schoolhouse Door and
listens to George Wallace. He feels bad about it, but he breaks
up with Rebecca and tells her he is getting back together with
Kate. He feels that she is too nice a girl to convincingly play
the part, so she bets him that, in exchange for an audition, she
will be able to make Parker's friend, mining engineer Jack
Craigen (Edmund Lowe), fall in love with her within three days.
He feels trapped in a relationship where, as he observes, a wife
"does nothing to entitle her husband to divorce her, but a
thousand things that entitle him to murder her". He figures out
that Isabella has gone to Monica and follows her to San
Francisco. He files for divorce, and Bonnie hires Miles Massey
(George Clooney), a top divorce attorney and the inventor of the
"Massey pre-nup", a completely foolproof prenuptial agreement. He
films Gladys feeding pigeons and introduces himself. He finally
agrees to revise the skit so it can no longer hurt the Carraways.
He finally determines his mystery maiden is Patty. He finally
finds one who agrees, but it turns out she is underage when her
mother spots her and takes her away. He finally gets her to
confess what she is trying to do. He finally gives in and has her
train her replacement, the attractive and flirtatious June Carver
(Alicia Witt), before she quits. He finally goes to a small town
in the west where he lives unmolested for eleven months. He
finally realized it—she is the love of his life, she is his
'person', "and that's just the way it is". He finally relents,
but only if she will accompany him. He finally shows his good
side by helping shovel coal. He finally wins over Brandi, only to
find out that he's really in love with Mia. He finally works up
the courage to approach her and express his feelings, but she
rebuffs his advances. He finally works up the courage to ask her
out, to which she happily agrees. He finds Breezy at a park,
where they reunite and start their new life together. He finds
Joe and Mary under a romantic night sky on a balcony, and
believes Mary has fallen for the reporter. He finds Mary Tate at
the gym, who had just moments earlier been assaulted by Eriksen
in an amyl nitrite fueled rage. He finds Nina and Kevin there
together who tell Adam that they have decided to get married. He
finds Warren's body in the car and confront them. He finds a
beautiful member of the pack, Angel, and they go to the junkyard
with the rest of the Junkyard Dogs. He finds a fleur-de-lis
branded on Milady's shoulder, marking her as a felon. He finds a
friend there that he can talk to about the pregnancy throughout
the movie, while Zoe gets little support from her Single Mothers
and Proud group when the group members discover she is no longer
single. He finds her and asks her not to marry Brice, but marry
him instead. He finds her day planner in the cab they shared. He
finds her moving out of a luxury townhouse. He finds himself as
one of Veronica's students in the third grade and earns her
respect by standing up for Ernie, his friend and classmate. He
finds himself at the residence of Christine Easton (Samantha
Eggar), who insists that it would be improper to take him in as a
housemate. He finds his chance in an epiphanic moment; an
opportunity to scalp a large stack of tickets to see the hottest
show in town --- the Pope at Yankee Stadium. He finds it
difficult to reveal his innermost feelings to Verónica his
coworker. He finds on Facebook a single schoolmate, they have a
date and sleep together. He finds out about Will's father, who
was sent to prison years ago when he accidentally killed a child
while driving drunk. He finds out that Whit is running the Nike
River Marathon in London, and to prove himself to his uncertain
friends and, most importantly, Libby and his son, he decides to
run the race himself. He finds she is going out with a famous
writer who is old enough to be her father. He finds that Charlie
and his crew are moving the women to a more secure location. He
finds the contractJ. He finds the house is in disarray, with
Geenie and Beth in the kitchen. He finishes by saying that
Kenneth had no right to take his life away because he no longer
had one, visibly shaking him. He first approaches his ex-
girlfriend Ava (Bojana Novakovic) who is disgusted with Jonah for
even contacting her. He first tells Julie that he wants to have
sex with her and Julie disapproves claiming it would be weird
since they are best friends. He first throws Carlo out, then
announces to his family and Godfrey that his business is in dire
straits and that he might even face criminal charges. He first
tries his on-again, off-again girlfriend Brainey Baxter (Marilyn
Maxwell). He flags her down and begs her to let him in the car so
she can drop him off at the nearest bus station. He flees as they
shoot at him, but he manages to corner his foe with jewels in
hand. He flees but no taxi shall take him. He flees, leaving the
Tramp a no-nonsense replacement opponent. He flies back to Los
Angeles and after a period of sadness and self-loathing, he
begins working on his Dracula puppet comedy-rock opera, A Taste
for Love. He flies to California to spend time with her and
quickly falls in love. He flips a coin to decide between the
twins, but finds (to his relief) that both already have beaus,
"Bimbo" (John Loder) and "Tootles" (Maurice Evans). He follows
Marisa to Italy, where he discovers she is involved with another
man, but once again Jake refuses to accept reality and,
determined to win her back, he begins to woo Marisa. He follows
and hears a man inside his chalet singing in Italian. He follows
her home to apologize where Marlin and Doug instruct Henry to
leave Lucy alone. He forces her to confess loudly to the police
of the father-daughter involvement, and that Bertani was the
ringleader of this gang. He frantically searches for something
and finally shoves the commemorative coin into the slot, allowing
the lander to regain power. He frets over whether he could have
made a difference, and contemplates many times apologizing to
Juli but chickens out each time. He gains popularity and makes a
new friend, Evie Wallace, and it soon gains the attention of the
principal, escalating to a bombshell crisis. He gains the "Power
of Self-Respect" and disarms Gideon with the sword it grants him.
He gains the confidence through his love for her to agree to
perform at the Met in the Giacomo Puccini opera Turandot. He
gambles and chase girls with his best friend Eddie. He gave one
coin to Neil Armstrong, another to Jim Lovell, and finally shows
Randall a gold coin reading, "Bravery". He gets Bill to agree to
do it by offering him $500. He gets Ipswich to let Vera sing as
the Purity Girl that night. He gets Mike to keep Samantha busy
during his date with Jamie, but the realization that Jamie's
platonic friendship is important to him hampers Chris's plan. He
gets a false start the first time, but upon his second attempt,
he demonstrates as much skill as Mary, leaving the girls (and an
unseen Karin, who watches from nearby) astonished. He gets a
first class ticket because all coach seats are sold out. He gets
a job as a salesclerk at the De Vore Department Store, where he
has to pull various stunts to get out of trouble with the picky
and arrogantly self-important head floorwalker, mr Stubbs. He
gets an offer from his uncle to manage an orchard in the country,
and he and Doreen settle down there with their baby. He gets
angry at Isabelle for changing everything. He gets busy signals
phoning because Sally's hogging it again. He gets drunk and is
involved in an accident that leaves Dorothy's face disfigured. He
gets her address by offering to drop her a postcard when the
documentary is finished so she can see herself in it. He gets her
to sing for everyone at the ball. He gets her to start talking
about herself and finds her down to earth. He gets his chance
when Shelly and Miranda get into a huge food fight over him. He
gets his own chance to begin again when, one day on the bus, he
meets Liz DeHaan, an art teacher who is having an affair with a
married man. He gets nowhere, and Lauren insists he finally sign
the divorce papers. He gets out of the car and everyone at the
wedding sees him and are all confused. He gets the job and they
move into their new house, making it their own. He gets upset and
runs off. He gets upset at both Jenny and Alexis, promises to sue
them both, and leaves them behind as he hitches a ride back to
the resort. He gives Kevin the analogy that when he was young, he
had a toy car that he became tired of, but regained interest in
it after his little brother started playing with it. He gives
Lina a light peck, but Cathy says it isn't convincing. He gives a
quarter to a boy (a very young Kurt Russell who kicks him in the
shin, so that he can be treated by her. He gives her a job
performing in his saloon, an act which infuriates Larson's
girlfriend, Kate (Hillary Brooke). He gives her a shawl that his
grandmother left for Terry after she died. He gives her another
bowl of ramen and she eats. He gives her back the engagement ring
and tells her that she is good enough for him. He gives her the
bed and sleeps first in the kitchen, which proves too
uncomfortable, so he goes outdoors. He gives him his blessing,
and goes on to Abby. He gives the endorsed stock certificates to
the stunned mr Bullock, saving the family. He goes back to
concentrating on his studies and his new job instead. He goes
back to prison, Phillip is also sent to prison as an accomplice
and angrily tells Steven he never wants to see him again. He goes
back to the runway show, only to find that Jo is nowhere to be
found. He goes for a walk to clear his head, but runs into a
soldier who realizes what he is, forcing R to attack him. He goes
in search for her, and they confess their feelings for each
other. He goes looking for her at the airport and eventually
tracks her down at her writing class. He goes off on a pursuit to
meet Daphne and become friends with her. He goes on the program
dressed as an encyclopedia to let the host know he will answer
any question given to him by the show's host, Happy Hogan (Art
Linkletter). He goes on to explain that he associates old radio
songs with childhood memories. He goes out in disguise in an
attempt to recapture his youth. He goes out of town, looking for
a rare butterfly to add to his collection. He goes out on a
drinking spree and uses the help of a switchboard operator (Nita
Talbot) — who falls in love with a chauffeur (Larry Storch) in
the process — to make Lauren jealous. He goes outside in his robe
to switch it on, when the front door shuts behind him and locks
automatically. He goes round the back of the church to get his
bike and leave and meets Minor again, who has no idea of what
happened with Kelly and Tabby, and is civil towards him. He goes
to Amanda's home to explain the mix-up and fix her relationship
with Harold. He goes to Devon's parents only to find out she left
to Paris, where they have relatives. He goes to Melody's house
for dinner where she realizes Griff no more believes in his
imaginary world. He goes to New York City to find a new singer to
replace Gary on the Hour of Enchantment radio show. He goes to
New York City to improve his acting skills. He goes to Sally's
place and, in the hallway, he kisses her. He goes to a party and
meets secretary Janet Blake, who is trying to escape the clutches
of her drunken boss, a dentist. He goes to drink alone at a bar,
where a young, beautiful woman (Minka Kelly) walks in. He goes to
her room and gives her the corsage he had bought for the
princess. He goes to look for her. He goes to pay for it, but the
car has been found and the police inform the car's owner that
Rawlins is assumed to be dead. He goes to see her one last time.
He goes to the Hukilau Café to wait for the Coast Guard. He goes
to the Oasis to talk to his brother for support, but also
receives no support. He goes to the bank, but when he returns,
Lana is gone, along with his mother's expensive Steuben glass
egg. He goes to the party, where he sees his younger self having
sex with Helena, after of which she tells him that she loves him.
He goes to the room where she is staying to hug her, when Agnes
and Chris suddenly come in. He goes to the wedding the same day,
only to have an annoyed Bart tell him that he can't let him in.
He goes with her to be alone at a waterfall. He graciously
understands and agrees to call off the wedding. He gradually
turns up the heat while watching Cathy intently for her reaction.
He grins, the film cuts to Gladys and Pete driving in a car and
discussing plans for the future. He grudgingly agrees to give her
a lift out of town and encourages her to go back to her parents.
He had been assigned by both Jackie's mother and the mayor of the
town (who is also his father), to act as Jackie's escort and
guide on the trip. He had been hinting throughout the movie that
he was interested in her, but was frustrated because she seemed
to never notice him and she was wasting her time with shallow
relationships with guys she could manipulate, rather than seeking
emotional intimacy. He had divorced her because she was always
involving him in real-life murder cases, but she wants him back.
He hails a policeman to have her put in a jail cell so that she's
kept somewhere safe, but when the cop arrives, she tricks him
into arresting Michael instead. He handcuffs the two together and
disposes of the key, leaving the two stuck together until the
handcuffs can be removed. He hands her a jewelry box, which
reveals an engagement ring set with a black diamond. He hands her
a letter, in which he admits that he knows she forged Nikki's
letter and confesses that he loved her from the moment he met
her, though it took him so long to come to terms with it. He
hands the baton to Danny, and he successfully dance-conducts his
own composition. He happens to be passing by, as does Julia
Wayne, when two halves of a ripped $1,000 bill float down to the
street. He happily does so, and then all the guests join them on
the dance floor. He happily goes back to Nita, and is last seen
on stage in the new Broadway play. He happily offers to take her
to Las Vegas. He has Jimmy look in the club's dining room; Jimmy
knows seven women there (the chances of the title). He has Paul's
car sent away and creates a fake rainstorm using a hose. He has a
book published and becomes a best-selling author on the subject.
He has a brief, quietly emotional conversation with Alyssa, and
gives her a copy of Chasing Amy, his new comic based on their
failed relationship. He has a fantasy that she is a femme fatale
overcome by his playing of Rachmaninoff's Second Piano Concerto.
He has a frequent fantasy sequence involving a merman (Brent
Corrigan). He has a group of tight-knit friends, which includes a
wacky girl named Connie; Anita, an emotionally distraught young
woman who constantly contemplates suicide; Robert, a young WASP
who fancies himself a poet; and Bernstein, a gay man. He has a
limited amount of magic to help him. He has a modest family life,
where he is a car tire salesman for Kate's father and Kate is a
non-profit lawyer. He has a nihilistic view of the world which is
why he never does homework and skips school frequently. He has a
reputation of womanizing female tourists and does not display any
interest in committing to a serious relationship. He has a
strained relationship with wife Penny, a plain and skittish woman
who is startled by a noise Jonathan makes and dies from a heart
attack. He has a suspicion that she has gone to a beach (Fire
Island, New York) that she told him about, the only place that
makes her feel truly happy. He has a tattoo on his abdomen that
reads "The Legend" with an arrow pointing down. He has also been
recently relieved of his faculty position at New York University,
further complicating the couple's financial position. He has also
been spending his time convincing the gullible townspeople that
he is actually a European noblemen. He has also met and fallen in
love with a colleague, Denise Gaines, who has developed a method
to isolate genetic material and later becomes his fiancée. He has
been told about the deception, and over dinner he explains that
he was serving in World War II when his wife (Amelia's mother)
died. He has cast a powerful spell that turns Odette into a swan
during the day, and she is able to temporarily turn human at
night if she is on the lake under moonlight. He has desired her
ever since, and now that Pearl is a widow, Joe feels the time is
right to make his move. He has done so to keep his fairy
godparents. He has even pushed his own sons into learning the
guitar and is seen riding them to become better. He has even
signed over his stock to Amelia, as he intends to remain in the
islands. He has everything figured out until he meets the acerbic
Kristin Peralta (Nadine Velazquez), a talk show circuit therapist
who is convinced that he is nothing but a charlatan. He has
explanations for everything else and demonstrates that his
conduct has been exemplary at all times. He has gone into
business for himself running a limousine service and owns a whole
fleet of limousines. He has him arrested, but Sherwood convinces
the police to give him time to straighten out the situation. He
has in essence become their butler, catering to their every whim.
He has learned that he may be liable for his wife's debts. He has
made a contract that his mother will not come to see him for at
least two months. He has meanwhile dropped his bid to become
department head and has become a more involved parent and
professor. He has no intention of being insulting, and is in fact
admiring Frank, but Frank’s facial expressions convey his own
self-loathing. He has realised that Suzanne doesn't want to marry
either of his sons, and takes her on a trip to look for Bill, in
an effort to join them once and for all. He has seven overbearing
sisters who ridicule and emotionally abuse him regularly and
leads a lonely life punctuated by fits of rage and anguish. He
has thousands of followers, including celebrities like Jessica
Simpson, Val Kilmer and Mariska Hargitay (Pitka's mantra is
"Mariska Hargitay"). He has two X-Files-obsessed friends wait on
the roof, while he goes into the party to drive Mike out. He has
two dogs entered in the competition. He heads to the Peace Corps
and confronts Ralph, believing he and Rosemary got back together.
He hears a gunshot and, upon discovering that Hightower has
killed himself, he instinctively drinks Hightower's blood. He
hears his own harsh words: "She's so deliciously low. He hears
that a friend, who is also a writer, has died in an accident, and
of whom only Roy knows that he had just finished a manuscript
that he had not shown to anyone else yet. He helps Jill move out
of her place and the two move in together by week's end. He helps
her and four other people board the moving train, but the train
leaves the station before he can get off. He helps her piece
together the truth about the deceased Charlie and deal with three
menacing people who are now following her. He helps her succeed
in getting the arrow to hit the bullseye, something she had been
struggling with. He helps his dad with his landscaping business
and takes care of Veteran's Field, where the Chatham A's play. He
helps install a new system for Penelope and her son Jake. He
helps the two couples by leaking the story of their engagements
to the press, forcing the earl to (reluctantly) accept the
situation. He hesitantly accepts, but he has a condition; if the
plan backfires and she isn't in a show by the end of the month,
Sharpay is forced to move back with her parents and work at Lava
Springs. He hides Lenore by letting her soak in a suds-filled
bathtub and then in the resort’s fish pond. He himself originally
purchased a swamp worth Rs. He hires John as the new CEO of
Deeds. He hires a local actor to play the part of his
grandfather, whom he calls Doo-Dah. He hitchhikes there and she
says, with a smile: "what took you f***ing so long. He hits a
three million dollar jackpot and Joy reminds Jack that they are
married and hence, she is entitled to half of the money. He hopes
that the introduction of excitement in her life will dissuade her
from leaving the family. He however, lives with his mother and
three younger siblings, acting as head of the family. He hurries
back to his office and condo in New York, but his closest friends
do not recognize him. He hypnotizes Hal into only seeing a
person's inner beauty. He ignores her threat to jump from a
window, and is so guilt-ridden when she does so immediately that
he marries her. He ignores her warning, and goes ahead with his
efficiency plan. He immediately accepts. He immediately confronts
Izzy about it, and Karin, despite her brother's objections, tells
their father that he had joined Mary's team. He immediately goes
on a spending spree, doing good deeds for friends and strangers
alike, worrying June Baylin, his fiancee. He immediately warns
the police, who arrive quickly to arrest him. He inadvertently
does so while Brendan is there too, and leaves Brendan to face
Sally. He inadvertently offends her, so Lisa moves out and spends
a pleasant, tipsy evening at George's modest new apartment. He
informs Mitch that he has been admitted to Pacific Technical
University, where he will room with physics "legend" Chris
Knight. He informs Peter and Zooey that he is, in fact, a
successful investor and returns the money he borrowed from Peter,
stating that the billboards were the couple's wedding present. He
initially approaches the gym representing himself as a
businessman looking to buy it, and acts relatively impersonal
with its staff, although he is strangely fascinated with the
world he discovers there (reflecting the expansion of physical
exercise to the mainstream which occurred in the 1970s). He
initially believes Tess is pregnant when she announces they're
having a child. He initially wants to do it, but ultimately
rebuffs her, unable to cheat on Maggie. He initially works as a
busboy, McDonald's cashier, sidewalk merchant, and limousine
driver. He initiates conversation with a stranger and recalls his
childhood in Greenbow, Alabama during the 1950s. He insists on a
raise. He insists on using it that same night and, as
compensation for such short notice, gives Baxter two company-
sponsored tickets to the hit Broadway musical The Music Man. He
inspires her to find her voice, which leads to some complications
in his relationship with Kate, forcing Reed to reexamine every
aspect of his safe, secure life. He instead brings Nick to a
runway so that he too can experience being caught in a landing
aircraft's turbulence. He instructs Jones to make a large deposit
for Mannion's mother's benefit at the First National Bank, where
police detectives are expecting Mannion to make another robbery
attempt. He instructs Matt to lure Jenny to a meeting where she
can be exposed to another meteorite that will draw away her
powers, leaving her a mere mortal. He instructs Puck to retrieve
the flower with the hope that he might make Titania fall in love
with an animal of the forest and thereby shame her into giving up
the little Indian boy. He instructs Sally to never let him be
alone with Simone and to not let him weaken. He intends to tell
the newspapers the real story about his "capture" of the German
soldiers. He intercepts the bridal party and convinces Sandra to
forgive Paul by sharing lessons learned from his own mistakes,
particularly that the pain of heartbreak is outweighed by the
regret of never risking one's heart in the first place, something
he admits to always regretting having done. He interrupts her
during the wedding reception she is attending and declares his
love. He introduces Gloria and Mae to his friend SgtTom Foster
(Warren Hull). He introduces her to a new approach to life; to
live every moment of her life and to do whatever she always
wanted to do. He introduces her to the finer things in life,
while Breezy stays true to her humility and charm. He introduces
himself to Jen and they happily hug. He introduces himself,
explaining the family name was originally "Delacroix" but his
grandfather tired of Americans pronouncing the "X" in the name.
He invents a method of flinging a net over a tree full of
monkeys, which the zoos want. He investigates, learning her real
identity. He invites Christina and Courtney to an after-party at
their hotel, but Christina goes home and later regrets not going.
He invites a co-dependent, seemingly "perfect couple" to share
his large apartment, only to see them completely disrupt his life
when they insert themselves into his new romance. He invites her
back to his flat and she accepts. He invites her for coffee, his
first step on the road to seduction. He invites her to dinner
because Nat's going to a work party that night. He invites her to
his birthday party, where she shows up with Morgan. He invites
her to the boat he lives on, and the two end up kissing and
beginning an affair. He invites mr Herald to the island, where he
apologizes to Grandmother Cambaretti for placing the announcement
in the newspaper. He invites the four to his Rock Vegas resort as
a peace offering. He invites them both over and tells Alyssa that
he would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend. He
is John Prentice (Sidney Poitier): a widowed, black physician. He
is Michael Sherwood's best friend. He is Steve and Matt Stifler's
cousin. He is Whitman Crawford (Pullman), and they instantly hit
it off. He is a Civil War historian and lecturer, which bores
Sally but is very popular with local ladies who call themselves
the Mason-Dixon Dames. He is a maker of documentaries (apparently
equipped only with a handheld 16mm camera). He is a playboy who
doesn't work for a living, spending his time indulging in hobbies
like speedboats and fast cars. He is a pompous and obsequious
clergyman because he expects each of the Bennet girls to wish to
marry him due to his inheritance. He is a school teacher from
Ohio who has inherited a Tahiti estate. He is able to bond with
her by helping her shop for a prom dress. He is about to say that
the woman was in a wheelchair when he pauses, suddenly suspecting
why Terry has been sitting unmoving on the couch. He is about to
throttle Duke when he realizes the boat has left the dock for
Alaska. He is again filmed by his little brother, who again posts
the footage on the internet for the whole school to see. He is
agonisingly slow at making a move to win the heart of Anya, so
the whole village comes together to help speed things up. He is
also frustrated by Brian's insistence on going to "the Baywatch"
and by Ricki's lesbianism. He is also glad that her last memory
of Paul is one worth having (the concert), as opposed to Simon's
own (their argument, and Paul's subsequent restriction to his
bedroom). He is also pursued by two NSA agents who were tipped
off to Martin's contract by Grocer. He is also terrified by
paparazzi and by Leslie's jealous boy-friend. He is also the
president of the school's dorky Film Club. He is amused by her
regal manner, but less so when she appropriates his bed. He is
angry at Mike for taking some of his hours, and for stealing his
woman. He is angry that she deceived him, and painfully decides
to cut their ties. He is appalled to find Joan in her wedding
finery, and persuades her to run away with him. He is arrogant
and pompous, with no regard for the business side of his racing
team. He is assigned American Lieutenant Catherine Gates (Ann
Sheridan) as his chauffeur, much to their mutual discomfort
(arising from several prior clashes). He is at a total loss as to
how this could have happened. He is at his wit's end when the
Adamses surprise him with a check for $6,000. He is bailed out by
Prudence, but his troubles are not over. He is befriended by the
Duke and British paratrooper Major David Bruce (Rex Harrison),
who has taken leave to contest a parliamentary by-election. He is
brash and self-confident. He is brought up short by the parson,
who asks him if he wishes to kiss the bride. He is called by
princess Minnie and she requests him musketeer bodyguards. He is
called into action when a Soviet cargo ship sends a request for
help due to a patient with acute appendicitis. He is carefree,
until his parents split up, after 36 years of marriage. He is
caught watching a video on his cell phone before a class by
Esther, a middle-aged woman Jon earlier encountered weeping by
herself at the college. He is cautioned to keep silent by Richard
or risk going to Jail. He is certain his invention, Enduro
cement, will make his fortune, but his new wife is not so sure.
He is childishly naive to the realities of living in an inner
city neighborhood. He is comforted by Belle, an old family
friend, and later share a kiss. He is concerned about the
couple's public image, although he believes that Anna is above
suspicion. He is consistently seen never wearing a shirt. He is
constantly in debt and cannot begin to write a contracted novel
that will pay his bills including a lucrative advance by his
publisher. He is content to spend his time fishing, hunting and
puttering around his large family mansion, inhabited only by
himself and a butler (Scatman Crothers). He is continually trying
to "get the band back together". He is deeply regretful of his
adultery and tells Peggy he wants her back. He is deeply troubled
by her resignation and tries to convince her to stay. He is
delighted when he finds Joan waiting for him in the taxi. He is
delighted, and on the way to her house, he stops to buy expensive
50 cent violets, even though he had earlier passed up violets at
15 cents. He is disappointed, but Carol talks him into taking her
to the chip shop. He is disgusted and leaves, as Georgina tries
to explain herself. He is enchanted with her, approaches her, and
is rebuffed. He is engaged to Trent's daughter, Roberta (Lilian
Bond). He is engaged to his long-time girlfriend, Linda (Angela
Featherstone), who was attracted to him at a time when he dreamed
of becoming a rock star. He is enticed into an upmarket European
car showroom after setting eyes on an attractive sales assistant
and mechanic, Carole Bennett. He is entranced by her quirky
outlook on life, which is bright and excessively carefree in
contrast with his morbidity. He is entranced by the lipstick mark
and Meg's beauty, and therefore misses her boarding the departing
train. He is excited about his newly acquired Matisse and wants
to show it to Otto. He is extremely embarrassed by this
unexpected turn of events and vows to lure Pride into his bed and
break her heart, so that he can become her boss technically and
emotionally. He is finally granted bail and scheduled for a court
hearing. He is forced to answer no, and that he is really in love
with Margit. He is forced to confess to his family that he never
really courted Sue but merely bribed her to act the part of his
fiancée. He is forced to dress as a female Army nurse to get
aboard. He is forced to maintain the charade to avoid getting
into trouble with Newman, and losing the commission. He is found
outside and is invited in for dinner. He is frustrated when his
current priest refuses to just sign the paper, but is willing to
renew their vows so their marriage can be "legal". He is further
upset to discover that Melanie and the three women whom he
previously broke up with by conference call are bonding over his
disregard for their feelings. He is glad to be the head of the
house for his friend. He is grief-stricken when her husband and
she return to Europe, but the two women have arranged that Sam
will take her place and nurse his broken heart. He is
heartbroken, and realizes the pain he gave to everyone when he
conned them. He is hurt to discover that has his ex-wife Jean has
rented a house to accommodate everyone who is attending from the
States, except him. He is immediately smitten by her. He is in a
dead-end relationship with his social-climbing girlfriend Trudi
(Marilu Henner). He is in a failing marriage with Dora (Gwyneth
Paltrow), and working for his former band mate Paul (Simon Pegg),
writing and recording commercial jingles. He is in a healthy
relationship with his girlfriend Grace Connelly (Jennifer
Aniston), but also has a mild crush on his co-worker, Susan
Ortega (Catherine Bell), who barely seems to notice him. He is in
a long-distance relationship with his high school girlfriend,
Kimberly Jasney (Christine Taylor), who is currently a student at
the University of Memphis. He is in desperate need of help to
find a real relationship. He is in the midst of putting together
a multi-billion dollar merger and has ordered an emergency
meeting on Christmas Day. He is informed that the Queen has
rescued Constance from prison. He is initially angry with Kate,
telling her that her timing is way off and he is now seeing
someone. He is introduced to Nadia, who tries to seduce him, but
Doug instead befriends her. He is involved with a divorcee, Lois
Grey (Maureen Arthur), while she is developing an interest in
Phil Fletcher (Leslie Nielsen), who also is recently divorced. He
is killed several times, landing in Hell and returning to New
York each time. He is later freed by Emily (Hannah Spearritt), a
fellow student who, similar to Cody, is actually a British MI6
undercover operative. He is later hit in the head again and
changes back. He is married, but she agrees to go with him to his
lodge in Maine, mistakenly thinking she's going to meet a bunch
of Elks Club members. He is misled and climbs into a teacher's
room and ultimately becomes the laughingstock of the school. He
is not aware that Lucy has broken her engagement with Cecil, and
Lucy cannot lie to the old man. He is not dying and they can live
happily ever after. He is not looking forward to it, but must go
through with it. He is not succeeding when Manton's daughter, the
often-married mrs Connie Manton Dezlow (Audrey Long), interrupts
the business meeting, takes a liking to the handsome young
artist, and makes herself his patron. He is now working at a chop
shop with Carlos. He is nursed back to health with the help of
Loco, Loco meets Eben (Rory Calhoun) whom she thinks owns most of
the surrounding land. He is offered a ride by a young woman who
turns out to be Wilhelmina "Willie" Hammond, a member of a
wealthy society family, running from an arranged marriage to
another socially prominent type, stolid Alvin Bailey. He is
offered an opportunity for a role in a movie that he cannot turn
down, the only catch is that the job is in Seattle and Elliot
will be gone for four weeks. He is only humoring her as she
leaves, and the audience gets the first sense of how detached he
is emotionally. He is ordered to the Siege of La Rochelle. He is
overheard talking to himself while cleaning up by Grosvenor and
suspected to be crazy. He is particularly angry that the Managing
Director of the firm has strung him on for weeks. He is
particularly uninterested in engaging with the male actors and
extremely interested in the physical charms of Elsie Marina
(Marilyn Monroe), one of the performers, and sends a formal
written invitation for her to meet him at the Carpathian embassy
for supper. He is passionate about being a celebrity, but
unfortunately he just isn't very talented. He is perfectly
content with his home life in suburban New York with his lovely
wife Brenda (Gina Torres), a teacher, and his two young children.
He is perhaps the only Stifler about to graduate from high school
as a virgin. He is picked up at the airport by lovely Maria
Martelli (Eva Bartok), who works for the hotel's owner, the
Countess Alzani. He is pleased to be able to spend more time with
his wife. He is prepared to kill Orville but the princess takes
him to the wise man Hyder Kahn. He is preparing an extravagant
live production of A Christmas Carol on Christmas Eve, forcing
the network's staff, including his assistant Grace Cooley, to
work on the holiday. He is pursued by the paparazzi, his
insurance company, his campaign managers and an increasingly
adoring public, all the while fearful of his impending
assassination. He is quickly made a member of Corps Saxonia, a
student society. He is quite happy as a bachelor, but Anabel
proves to be a very determined schemer. He is recognized by a
passing policeman, and the Kid is convicted of panhandling and
sentenced to ten days in jail when he cannot pay the fine. He is
rejected by all the women he asks. He is schooled in English
history and culture and shown a variety of English dishes. He is
searching for money for a drink, and Eliza shares her profits
with him ("With a Little Bit of Luck"). He is seen taking dr
Matsutani's second-term Economics class. He is shocked to find
himself being welcomed to his own place. He is shocked, as she
told him that she was in Santa Fe on an extended film shoot and
would not be inA. He is shot by accident, and barely makes it to
Amarilly's house before collapsing. He is shown walking down the
street with Sarah and they hold hands. He is skilled at selling
to men and seducing women. He is smitten from afar with the
coldly beautiful actress Barbara Darling (Elizabeth Hartman). He
is so convincing at it, women of all kinds won't leave him alone.
He is so shy around women that he can barely speak to them (to
stop his stuttering, his uncle has to blow a whistle). He is soon
disqualified because he had already graduated six years prior, as
revealed when Rachel humiliated the group at a party. He is
startled to find that the target is Debi's father, Bart, who is
scheduled to testify against Martin's client. He is still in love
with her, so Sally suggests he pretend to be in love with someone
else. He is stopped by a policeman and, when he admits the car is
not his, taken to jail. He is stressed as he battles landlords
and immigration. He is stuck on the ending, until he hears Ruth
humming how she thinks it should go. He is successful and
stylish. He is taken to hospital. He is taking brief shots of
people in the park. He is the #2 Guru in the world, next to
Deepak Chopra. He is the best student in class and the only way
he can fail is by copying Ryder's paper. He is the life of the
party and loves his job at a men's clothing store. He is then
discreetly compensated for his efforts by the husbands. He is
then surprised to hear Chester and Sal have a son. He is thrilled
to learn that she worked during the war helping assemble the very
bombers he himself flew, and introduces her to his men: World War
II crew mates Mitch O'Hara (Murray Alper) and Bill Stuart (Lewis
Howard), and college friend Tim Kingsby (Stephen McNally). He is
thrown off repeatedly while trying in vain to catch Lance's horse
in the race. He is told that he's getting the start for an
upcoming big game, and is given a hard time from Van Leemer which
doesn't help his confidence or nerves. He is too cocky to be
concerned when she reveals that she is the girlfriend of well-
known gangster Willie Ryan (Otto Kruger). He is unable to bring
himself to live in the house, and leaves it abandoned and with a
debt he cannot afford. He is unable to escape until Fanny Chenal,
driving by and spotting his rental car, appears and turns on the
water supply in retaliation. He is unaware that Stroker is moving
up through the field in an effort to win. He is unmoved,
brusquely ordering her to go wipe the smudged lipstick from her
face. He is used to getting what he wants, but when he invites
her to visit the gardens on his estate alone. He is very content
with his life, suspecting that Hannah is too. He is very much
attracted to her, but she rejects him. He is waiting for
Stifler's Mom (Jennifer Coolidge), who he had sex with in the
first film, hoping she will show up and be willing to do it
again. He is welcomed and introduced to the school atmosphere by
Frenchy (Didi Conn), who was asked by Sandy to help show Michael
around. He is welcomed with open arms. He is worried, though,
when he finds out he is to divorce Elizabeth. He joins forces
with "Daddy" (Sid Haig), car, surfboard, and skateboard
customizer — and owner of local music club The Dungeon — to
publicize the venture. He joins his friend George Calamari
(Murray), and George's sister Squid, to spend the summer on the
island of Nantucket, Massachusetts. He joins them on the road and
tries to fit into their communal lifestyle. He jots down her
phone-number on a scrap of paper and calls her, only to be
disappointed when her grandparents pick up the phone. He jumps at
the chance and they drive off together, Stifler not realizing
until after the car has driven off that it was Finch and his
mother. He jumps on the next plane to his hometown, Big Eden
Montana, giving up his new home and career. He just goes by
"Other Guy". He justifies his actions because he knows that he is
only stealing from the company and not harming the individual
cardholders. He keeps in touch with Stacy via handwritten
letters, sharing with her the epiphanies he is experiencing and
how he is becoming a different person and his life is advancing
and improving. He keeps putting off the unpleasant business. He
keeps this secret, telling neither the Harts nor Thayer,
exchanging Thayer's dinner with his own delicious meals. He kept
all this from Robyn, as she is finally pregnant with their first
child after years of expensive fertility treatments and the baby
is almost full-term. He kicks her out, denying responsibility. He
kidnaps Wilhelmina, Jones' visiting aunt, and a few others, and
takes them back to his hideout. He kisses her before he leaves,
and Sugar realizes that Joe is both Josephine and Junior. He
knocks O'Reilly down and, struggling with Jackson, tells Celine
he loves her. He knocks on her door, pleading for her to let him
in. He knows her intentions and wants to propose to Georgia
before Pamela gets the chance. He knows the director but cannot
get an audition. He laments Eliza's dreadful speech, asking why
so many English people don't speak properly and explaining his
theory that this is what truly separates social classes, rather
than looks or money ("Why Can't the English. He later asks Olive
to pretend to sleep with him so that he will be accepted by
everyone as a "straight stud". He later finds out what goes on at
the dance hall and goes to get Rosalie. He later joins her in a
jacuzzi, and she feigns choking; when he does not attempt help,
she decides they are a match. He later leaves a number of
apologetic messages on Isabelle's phone. He later meets Nitin
Kapoor, a film-maker (Saurabh Shukla) who later films him as he
works out in the gym and other physical activities. He later
meets Sonali Verma (Perizaad Zorabian), a journalist, who helps
him through his difficulties and they later fall in love. He
later says that he has to kill a man in his hometown who used to
bully him in high school, but laments he has no car to get there.
He lays his heart on the line and promises to appreciate her
more. He leads a hunting party to the city where they find a
group of young adults scavenging supplies. He learns from Rhea's
mother (Kirron Kher) that Sameer has died in a car accident, and
he sets out to help her reclaim her positive outlook on life. He
learns that Lainey was there in order to lose her virginity to
herA. He learns that daily expenses, including gifts and dates
for his new girlfriend, quickly add up as well as mourning over
the death of his new friend who dies. He learns that she is
dating a man named Dana McGuire (Jess Barker), who is an adviser
to Senator MacVickers (Harry Davenport). He learns that she was
merely the daughter of a Berlin laundry owner and a common street
walker. He learns that with his knowledge of the future, he
founded the "Man From The Future" company; however, he has
betrayed Otávio, divorced four times, and put Helena in jail
after she was discovered holding a bag of his cocaine. He learns
there is an opening at Now and goes for an interview with her. He
learns to play with a team rather than just himself. He learns
where she lives and goes to see her anyway. He leaves O’Dowd to
be Fitzgibbon’s new assistant, putting Tony Scaponi in charge of
the choir. He leaves and G fires Lauren. He leaves and spends the
whole night out drinking on the streets. He leaves and stumbles
around the city, which brings the movie back to the very first
scene with the bartender. He leaves for the nightclub where Jay
is celebrating his girlfriend's pregnancy. He leaves her at the
airport, where she is kidnapped by Alexei – who now wants Nadia
to have the baby. He leaves her. He leaves his partner Edna
Murphy, after seeing Sue Carol in the dance hall. He leaves in
anger. He leaves once more for San Francisco, by air as time is
running short. He leaves the bandstand to pursue her. He leaves
the manuscript outside her door, with a note telling her to read
the last page and that he loves her. He leaves the ring, and
Rodney angrily follows, but trips on the rope and falls on his
back. He leaves the room and Ash returns and tells Minta what an
embarrassment to men that Sweetland is by going around and
practically begging any woman to be his wife. He leaves with
Richmond and a tennis ball and head to the competing firm. He
leaves, and via Twitter he communicates with Helena, and they
happily meet in an airport, where she fires Ricardo after 20
years of working with him. He leaves, but quickly returns, and
tells her what he said to her a year ago was all wrong. He lets
his friends judge her from the outside, not for who she is on the
inside, and when she turns out to not be like every other girl he
breaks up with her. He lies and tells her that he is a writer
represented by Arthur Blake. He lies to Ted about her, saying she
is grossly overweight with many children, to discourage him from
having any contact with her. He lies to a policeman to keep her
out of trouble and takes her home. He likes her very much, even
after she tells him all about her blackmail attempt. He literally
bumps into the very pretty secretary (played by Scacchi) who is
assigned to help him. He lives a charmed life scooting around on
his mobile pillow. He lives off funds received in compensation
for an injury and sporadically works on a celebrity porn website
with his roommates (Jay Baruchel, Jonah Hill, Jason Segel and
Martin Starr), in between smoking marijuana or going off with
them at theme parks such as Knott's Berry Farm. He lives on the
countryside and works in a small café. He lives with his mother
and cheats on his diet. He lives with talented, but nerdy Norman
Cornell (Todd Susman), who writes the entire newspaper. He lives
with two roommates and tries to make ends meet so he can take
care of his little son. He locks her husband and her latest
lover, Paul (Hardie Albright) (of whom she has already tired), in
the vault, and forces shop owner Hollander (Lee Kohlmar) to smoke
a drugged cigarette that soon makes him forget his troubles. He
looks out the window and is surprised to find Meg in the building
across the street, working in an office with an open window. He
looks out the window to see the police, and they are going to the
room next door where his friend Ed is in bed with mrs Johnson. He
looks uncomfortable at the door, Amanda asks Graham whether he is
alone, and he says he isn't. He loses his car on a bet with
Simms. He lost his memory for a total of six weeks and was
recorded as missing in action. He loves Barbara and considers her
body perfect, but still finds pornography more satisfying. He
loves Hollywood films and amuses himself handicapping theoretical
wagers on horse races. He makes Tad swear not to break her heart
or he will tear Tad to pieces with his "vicious rhetoric". He
makes a bet for £50,000 with a doctor, Sir James Aldroyd, that he
can live for a year, working at whatever jobs he can find,
supporting himself solely on whatever pay he earns, and not
relying on any of his accumulated wealth. He makes a deal with
Bob: in exchange for a contract to perform at the club (at some
later, unspecified date), Bob will court Maria and repel her with
his "obnoxious" personality. He makes a play for Molly, also
seeking her professional help. He makes a series of overtures
toward various men, including Barry (Jon Favreau), the
persistently hot-headed husband of Zooey's friend Denise who
doesn't really like Peter all that much to begin with. He makes a
special presentation to Carol, and, with his last remnant of
magic, wins her over and they kiss passionately. He makes an
appointment for a manicure as Theodore Drew III, scion of a
socially prominent family. He makes arrangements to call on her,
but Grace, who still thinks that Tom is "just a cowboy"
criticizes Ellen for wanting to see him. He makes both shots,
winning the game and the championship to everyone's delight. He
makes himself a suit and wearing it, goes to his office but is
caught on camera, not yet revealing his face. He makes peace with
his friends and challenges Gideon again, this time for himself.
He makes plans to use the heroic death in support of the Navy
when testifying before a Senate committee in Washington,C. He
manages to get into the restaurant where Daphne is present, but
he gets into trouble when he can’t live up to his own story about
being a wealthy man, not being able to pay his bill. He manages
to get toA. He manages to notify Richard on phone requesting
Clara's intervention on the case. He manages to outwit Lumpjaw
for much of their fight until the two fall into a river and go
over a waterfall. He marries Laura. He may get married some day.
He meets Baba Hindustani (Vijay Raaz) in a hotel who promises to
cure him of the teasing he gets from being a virgin. He meets
Christine (Miranda July), a senior-cab driver and amateur video
artist, while she takes her client to shop for shoes, and the two
develop a fledgling romantic relationship. He meets Gary Cooper
(Tim Robbins) and Mary Ann Webster (Lisa Jane Persky), the couple
providing the ride: they are extroverted and upbeat to a fault.
He meets Janet again outside the hospital as he is leaving and,
since Chuck has failed to show up, she offers to take him home.
He meets Michelle (Rebecca Mozo) and experiences partial
transformations when they go out together. He meets Morgan and
suddenly takes an interest in her. He meets Natascha, a Russian
countess (Sophia Loren), in Hong Kong after she sneaks aboard in
evening dress to escape her life at a dance hall for sailors. He
meets Simon, who says he will give the Venus to him, but that he
can never mention the statue to anyone, or see Nicole again. He
meets all of Colin's family and must perform in a variant of the
Highland Games, in which the groom must compete to prove himself
worthy of his bride. He meets and befriends a waitress, Julia
Sullivan (Drew Barrymore), at the reception hall where he
regularly performs. He meets and falls in love with the fiery
Mary Kate Danaher (Maureen O'Hara), the sister of the bullying,
loud-mouthed landowner Squire "Red" Will Danaher (Victor
McLaglen). He meets her outside the police station and they kiss
in the middle of the road, when it starts snowing again. He meets
the Martelli family, including Papa Vittorio (Walter Slezak) and
his other daughters. He meets the eccentric company owner,
Burnbridge Waters (Vincent Price), for the job interview. He
meets up with Syd, an old college conquest whom he can't
remember, but to whom he is instantly attracted. He mentions that
he has booked a conference room down the hall, but when Nat
enters she finds a romantic dinner complete with doves and a
violinist. He met her playing tennis doubles with friends. He
moans in agony and drops to his knees asking "Why. He mounts her
behind him on his horse, hurriedly opens a parliamentary session
and takes her to the castle. He moves the tent to her and sleeps
inside it, although it collapses on top of him. He moves to
Greenwich Village, much to the chagrin of his extremely
overprotective mother. He moves to Miami, where he finds a
boyfriend, Jimmy, and they adopt a luxurious lifestyle. He must
also cope with amorous widows, young couples who want him to
marry them and a blustering ex-major who claims to have the ear
of the Chairman of the shipping line. He must be rich, so Britney
gets Mike to act rich. He must be tall, dark and handsome. He
must be unflappable, cool, and not care what others think of him.
He must plow through his dull daily life while dealing with his
feelings for her and coping with his family and his friend Sam.
He must preside at the Captain's Table, host cocktail parties,
judge beauty contests and dance with the lady passengers. He must
rescue an elderly couple from eviction, and he must cope with his
wife's (Fay Holden) life-threatening illness. He mutters, "LOVE
BLOWS. He names it the Hotel New Hampshire and the family moves
in. He narrowly avoids being recaptured when the police search
for him in Irma's apartment, but donning his old uniform Nestor
simply blends in with the other police. He nearly catches Angel,
but Scamp frees her and lures the dogcatcher to ram the pole of
his net into a lightpost. He needs a fire to perform the spell,
so he burns down a building (appropriately enough, the Pilgrim
Hotel). He needs her public image to match her pure radio persona
to promote Ippsie Wippsie, "the washcloth of queens". He neglects
to tell his servants that he has returned; so they report the
"theft" of the car and Sullivan and the Girl are apprehended by
the police. He never crosses paths with Alicia, whose boyfriend
gives her an engagement ring made of bone. He never returns to
the gym. He nevertheless rages at them because the thumb they
sent didn't match Brian's fingerprint and therefore not only
failed to increase pressure on the prosecutor but even undermined
the organization's credibility. He nevertheless showed up,
determined to ruin Becca's day as payback. He next visits local
crime boss Oxford Charlie (Lloyd Nolan), with whom he has had
past dealings. He not only impresses his assistant Louisa Horton
(Loretta Swit) with the introduction of his new rules - which
include having as much fun as possible - but also Peggy, who
admires his youthful approach of life. He notices that Isabelle
Sorenson (Radha Mitchell), a new name, has signed up and tells
Gracie to let her go first. He notices that a freeway traffic
condition sign seems to be displaying messages intended solely
for him. He notices that she has a natural talent. He now finds
himself rich and (within his company) powerful, and married to
the boss's (Bill McCutcheon) sexy daughter Cindy Jo Bumpers (Rene
Russo). He now has to keep guard of her until Douglas returns
with the money. He now heads one of the largest scientific
projects in Brazil, but his eccentricities and tantrums have
brought him to the verge of being fired by his former college
roommate and current sponsor, Sandra, although she still believes
in his project, and tries to defend him. He now knows why she did
not keep their appointment. He obtains work as a sheriff's
officer, helping a bailiff serve a writ on Crystal Wetherby
(Purcell), a woman in serious debt, taking possession of her
property. He offers to fly her and her friends on an all-
expenses-paid luxury vacation to Abu Dhabi. He offers to forgive
Kathy and take her home, but she refuses and walks home by
herself. He offers to go with Irene to help her beat Cornelia. He
offers to open her door for her, but the task proves difficult as
the door to her old car is stiff and hard to open. He offers to
pay Britney $10,000 if she can manage to get Ashley back for him.
He offers to pay for a cab to take her to Boston but his credit
cards are declined. He omits his last name and makes an abrupt
exit with the children. He only accepts provided she keep their
bargain. He only helped Nicole because of his feelings for her,
and they kiss. He openly shows distaste for eating human flesh,
and is the only zombie there who is able to form four, coherent
syllables in one breath. He opens the letter and sees the result.
He opens the trunk and discovers an apparent dead body (Ellie's
boyfriend Kaiser, whom Al had not yet been aware of). He opens up
a fake art gallery pretending to be an artist named Deven Shah.
He opts for the night and, once he is asleep, she searches until
she finds the ring in the kitchen. He orders Lucky to buy the
painting, but Helen stops him, and Finchley gets the work for
$84,000. He orders Madison to get the film made. He orders
clothes to be sent from the store and takes her to a party. He
orders that all the resources of the planet should be engaged to
create his "Super Death Ray Laser"; the laser's purpose is to
destroy Earth, thus making Spengo the greatest planet in the
Universe. He owns a driving range in West Texas, where he drinks
and hangs out with his pal Romeo Posar (Cheech Marin) and their
friends. He panics, and in a desperate attempt to hide it from
his parents, he makes up an excuse to leave the club to help out
a friend. He passes - but only just. He passes Gwen on her way
home and she seduces him again, this time physically. He passes
out, but the following morning, she answers the door and
introduces herself as his fiancée to a crestfallen Julia. He
pauses a bit, turns around, and says that he is rather hungry,
accepts her invitation, and even offers to be the one who makes
breakfast. He pauses for a brief moment, and then turns around to
walk back towards the building as if he forgot something. He pays
bail, but Megan refuses to see him or even leave the holding
cell. He pays some men to pose as reporters and harass Connie at
the dock, so that he can "rescue" her and become acquainted. He
performs for them the song “Going My Way,” which he wrote on this
theme. He periodically pops in and out of Tillie's life, going
days without calling but showing up spontaneously at her door. He
permits her to spend the night while her dress dries. He
persuades Richard that he will be supportive of his date. He
persuades Romeo to caddy again, but develops a problem with his
swing. He persuades her to become his assistant, and potentially
his lover, beginning the cycle anew. He persuades her to try out
to win a snowboarding competition to win $25,000. He phones God
and asks him to do so. He picks a fight, but Will easily knocks
him down with a couple of punches. He pitches to Ken Griffey, Jr,
who on one pitch, launches it into the stands for a home run. He
places a bucket in the shower, and when she takes one it falls on
her head. He plans to propose to Elizabeth over Jane as he is led
to believe Jane is taken. He plans to return to his native
Austria late that night but vows to think of Sarah each Spring
("I'll See You Again"). He plans to take Jessie when she awakens
(along with her necklace) and hop a flight for Bermuda. He plays
along, almost seducing his wife's purported twin sister, but
stopping short each time. He plays the organ at church, has
unenthusiastic sex with his wife, Debbie, and spends his off-
hours searching for his biological mother, who had placed him for
adoption as a child. He plies Eriksen and his assistant Newton
with drugs, booze and hookers, and on the day of the contest,
they are busy with acts of debauchery as Santo is readying to
take the stage - hoping to beat his rival Dougie Stewart (fellow
bodybuilder Ken Waller in a memorable cameo). He pours his heart
out to Miri, proclaiming his love for her, which she
reciprocates. He pretends that mr Hamilton has answered in the
affirmative, only requesting that on Halloween the Careys must
have a ceremony for his dead mother and find a decent place for
her picture. He pretends to be an important Italian teacher
priest, who was instructed by the parents of a famous American
model (Natasha Hovey) to provide Italian lessons to settle in
Rome. He pretends to return her feelings so he can stay close to
Margit. He pretends to support her in her decision, while
secretly hoping that she will change her mind. He proceeds to
Susan's school, where he is the guest lecturer for the
day&mdash;and as he speaks, Susan becomes infatuated with him. He
proceeds to assault Anderson on the way to their wedding. He
proceeds to kiss Kitty who declares she considers herself not to
have been kissed at all, upon which the highwayman kisses her
several times and slips a ring on her finger leaving her
enraptured. He proceeds to the airport terminal, where he joins
Mason, Caroline, Bliss, and Del Valle. He proceeds to track down
Doug, who is back home in Minnesota, working in a steel mill and
a carpenter on the side, living with his brother and playing in a
semi-professional hockey league or hockey bar league on the side.
He professes his love for Mia on bended knees, and they share a
romantic kiss. He promised that if she ever left him, he'd give
her a second chance. He promises to attend the Mathlete Scavenger
hunt the following Saturday. He promises to send for his
girlfriend so they can get married once he has "made good" in the
big city. He proposes an outrageous wager with his rich Uncle
Carlton, that without clothes or money, Michael can make it from
New York City to Los Angeles in 10 days, and arrive there in a
new suit with $100. He proposes at his cabin and she accepts. He
proposes dinner à deux at his hotel and she decides to meet Aidan
for dinner. He proposes marriage and she accepts, but tells her
pal Marge that she has doubts. He proposes marriage to his
girlfriend Gina Vitale, but is shocked to be turned down. He
proposes to her but Ishika asks his real name, "Ricky Bahl" he
replied, and story ends with a love kiss. He proves to be strong,
but less skilled than Izzy. He provides Vada with valuable
information to help with her assignment, including home movies
and the answer behind the date written on the paper bag. He pulls
Kevin to shore and prepares to administer CPR. He pulls out a
book of stamps that he bought weeks ago because he knew it to be
one of the small things she loves. He pulls out the penny that
she turned over when they first met and Zoe promises to trust him
more. He pursues her, showing up with flowers at her real estate
office. He pursues the elegant and snobbish Eleanor (Olivia
Williams), art restorer by day and Salsa dancer by night. He puts
her in the car and walks into the wedding, getting Halley's
attention. He puts his London residence up for sale and returns
to Provence, entering into a relationship with Fanny. He puts two
and two together and realizes that Lili and Claire are the same
person. He quickly buys a ticket back to London and hires a taxi
driver to rush him back to the bank. He quickly gets dressed and
runs to the building where Alonzo works and is just in time to
meet Jhnelle there, suggesting they do something "better than
lunch" which is a movie at a theater in the hood. He quickly
switches from one character to the next depending on which woman
is present. He quits and moves to Montenegro. He quits his acting
job on a sleazy television prank show, his girlfriend, Andrea,
breaks up with him, and his agent, Herb, dumps him. He quits the
show and makes another attempt to win back Isabella. He races to
Chloe's apartment, only to find that she is heading off in a cab
with Guy, whom she embraces lovingly. He races to Mary's house,
pursued by furious females. He races to her home, but is told
that she has left for a study abroad program aboard a ship that
will keep her away for a full year. He re-encounters God, who
confronts Bruce about his selfish use of his powers. He reacts by
pushing her clear into the next room, knocking her unconscious.
He reacts by telling her how she doesn’t return his affections
and drags him along (You are so Fair). He reads her one of his
poems. He realises that lying can be used for helping others
rather than personal gain, and writes a screenplay about the
world being invaded by aliens in the 14th century, in which it is
claimed that everyone's memories were erased. He realizes his
error, writes his vows, and manages to win back Lola at the
airport before she leaves, proposing to her with "the first
diamond he ever bought". He realizes that Jody is in disguise as
Bliss, and they kiss. He realizes that Maggie was never meant for
him, ends his relationship with her for good and rushes to attend
Arthur's award ceremony. He realizes that he loves Hannah and
decides to tell her his feelings when she gets back. He realizes
that one must decide for oneself what is acceptable concerning
one's own faith and beliefs. He realizes that skilled musketeers
will jeopardize his plan and then goes to the janitor room,
telling Mickey, Donald and Goofy that they passed his test and
have what it takes to become musketeers. He realizes this is not
a healthy relationship pattern but doesn't know how to change it.
He reasons that those who are innocent will go to his suite,
while the murderer heads to the apartment to silence Mary. He
reassures her that he will pay the rent. He rebels against his
WASP upbringing, and to his parents' dismay, he romances two
black women. He receives motivation from his two "coaches",
Gordon (Dylan Moran), a well-meaning slacker who is Libby's
cousin and Dennis' best friend, who has made a hefty bet on
Dennis succeeding, and mr Ghosh Dastidar (Harish Patel) his
landlord, who uses unorthodox methods of training, such as using
a spatula to spank him. He recognizes her from the airport and
says "Hello," but Annie only responds with another "Hello" before
fleeing. He recognizes that he must resume his life as he becomes
frustrated seeing that his dog hasn't gotten over the loss
either. He recommends allowing Susan to date Richard until the
infatuation burns itself out; Tommy will drop the assault charge
if Richard complies. He reconnects with Stella, the elementary
school teacher, and continues acting. He reels in the bottom
half, leaving the irate Jennifer floating in the water without
pants. He refers to himself as a 'sharp-shooter' and the 'rave'
amongst ladies. He refers to himself as “R” since he cannot
remember his full name, among other details of his life. He
refuses and calls her a "bad sport". He refuses her money, saying
that he wants to encourage Timmy's optimism. He refuses money but
wants a job. He refuses to discuss it leading them to curtail
their honeymoon and return to London where Valeria learns that he
was on trial for his first wife's murder by arsenic. He refuses
to do this on principle, but finally consents to give Blent an
oral retest while the game is in progress. He refuses to do this,
but is unable to return the money as he does not know who is
behind the bribe. He refuses to go any farther, holding the
wheels of his wheelchair and finally getting up out of his
wheelchair and walking himself and his wheelchair home, exposing
that he doesn't need it. He refuses to help them as he thinks
they can help themselves for being high privileged. He refuses to
let Catherine help him and tells her that if she sees him to
pretend she doesn't know him. He refuses to say that he needs her
but in the end, Laida returns to help. He refuses to take Sally's
calls and avoids her. He refuses, implicitly revealing the truth
about himself and Omar and she departs wordlessly. He regains his
ability to walk one day in church, where Deborah, now clean and
sober, reconciles with Brian. He regains his voice to tell Ina he
loves her and, in the end, they kiss. He rehires Eliot on the
spot, and they take over the live show by holding Brice and the
control box at gunpoint. He reinstalls the time machine, dresses
up as a spaceman, and then travels back to 1991. He relents, on
the condition that she wear a carnation. He reluctantly agrees
and the two begin a rigorous practice regimen over the following
weeks. He reluctantly agrees to do it, but discovers afterward
that she was not telling him the full truth: an a-morphic
zerophiliac can still change by having sex with another
zerophiliac, and dr Catchadourian was using Luke to change
herself one last time (into a man), leaving Luca as a woman in
the process. He reluctantly lets her in for a meal and soon she
tells him her story. He remains withdrawn and begs off early. He
remembers Bill's talent and pitches the idea of having a man
climb the "12-story Bolton building", which De Vore's occupies.
He remembers little of the night and knows little about his
houseguest. He repeated the ritual every year until he was 18,
and he has never been in a diner since. He replaces her with
Janet, hoping that Bruno will back his revue (or at least that he
can use Bruno's reputation to fend off impatient creditors). He
replies that “he can't answer that right now”. He reports the
incident to the police with his attorney Orlando present; and the
two go to a diner where Vladimir rants about his misfortunes. He
reprimands Henry for his attitude, leaving him with the slipper.
He requests for her bedroom and carries her inside. He resolves
to leave Sophie and go away with his old flame. He responds by
initiating a sexual encounter in her parked car. He returns
between the ceremony and the reception to check on her, and
discovers that she is having an affair with his brother. He
returns her wallet, explains that he and June are not involved,
and then kisses Sarah just as Jake gets back. He returns home to
find Alice trying to call off the whole deal. He returns home to
find his parents laughing over their honeymoon recollections. He
returns home to retrieve his suit and police catch a bloodied
Griff and later release him with a warning. He returns late at
night, and as O’Malley puts the older priest to bed, the two
begin to bond. He returns the money he stole from them, and
leaves. He returns to France to find her and ends up walking
through town, gathering people as they walk to her job at a
restaurant. He returns to New Jersey hoping to finally be with
her. He returns to New York, where he regains his form at work,
and reconciles with Connie. He returns to her and they discuss
the possibilities of having a child and getting married. He
returns to the country club to break the news to his partner and
the lawyer. He returns to the hotel, only to learn from the
maître d' that Sarah has gone out with Peter for the evening. He
returns to the party and waits there to talk with Teddy when she
returns home. He returns to the room and drives off the unhappy
gigolo. He reveals Dudley's true identity to Professor
Wutheridge, who urges him to stand up and fight for the woman he
loves. He reveals he ended it with her and learns of Julia's
plans to marry Glenn. He reveals his identity to the mayor and
tells him of his grandmother's support for the mayor. He reveals
his true identity to the thoroughly-embarrassed Nancy, and as he
has taken a fancy to her, he asks her to dance. He reveals that
he bought the house across from her aunt and presents Nora the
front door key, attached to an engagement ring. He reveals that
he has a wooden prosthetic hand, and he explains that he blames
Johnny for the loss of his hand and his own fiancée; Ronny became
distracted while talking to Johnny as he cut bread for him, his
hand was mangled in the slicer, and his fiancée left him. He
reveals that the Hot Chili Steppers went to the State
Championship, but did not win until the following year, and that
Izzy and Mary were still going strong as a couple. He reveals
that their parents are still alive, having escaped to a
safehouse. He reveals to a stunned wedding party that Joanna left
him at the altar. He reveals to her on one date that he
(supposedly) never quite mastered Albert Einstein's theory of
relativity. He reviews the day he just had, which ended with his
getting fired after discovering his department head Niles
Pender's (Hart Bochner) scheme to sell the company under the nose
of its owners to a group of naive Japanese investors. He reviews
the recording he made of the morning Eliza first came to him for
lessons. He runs from his Soviet controllers and hides behind a
perfume counter at Bloomingdale's under the skirt of the clerk,
Lucia Lombardo. He runs into Flostre and learns that Jo bashed
him on the head with a vase. He runs into Lieutenant Dan, and
finds that the former officer is now in a wheelchair and has
become an embittered drunk living on disability pension. He runs
one last con to break Phillip out of prison, only to be caught
when he runs into an old co-worker. He runs out of his wedding to
live with Nancy, and tries to find himself with the aid of a
guru. He runs out of the store to confront Maggie and realizes
that she has been cheating on him. He rushes and catches her with
a few smooches while she wriggles her way out. He rushes out to
get on a plane to find her. He rushes over to her house to offer
his assistance, but sees Charles through the window, and realizes
the real reason for her rejection. He rushes to the airport,
furiously calling the bank in Mumbai with the help of a Hindi-
speaking cab driver. He rushes to the church and arrives just as
Elaine is married. He saw that the timing was perfect,
considering that his parents will leave the house for a week. He
says both his brother, Gordon, and his mother are dead. He says
both were exactly the same. He says he and the princess are to be
married. He says he does not care and wants to marry her. He says
he does not want Tess Harding or "just mrs Sam Craig," but
instead "Tess Harding Craig". He says he has a gift for her. He
says he has confessed his cheating to her mother and they are
still trying to work things out. He says he hated his job and
that he decided to do what she would do: quit his job and go back
to what he loved – writing music. He says he's a poet and an
investor. He says his mother died by getting kicked in the head
by a cow. He says no, revealing that his wife died two years
earlier. He says that he has something to ask her, but is
interrupted by Jake, and says he'll talk to her later. He says
that he will not be saved until he can convince Inès to trust in
him. He says that it does not matter what everyone else may think
about John and Joanna getting married: all that matters is that
they love each other. He says that it might be something that the
two of them would laugh about years later, but Megan is still
angry because she had to spend time in jail. He says that it was
what worked out the best for his success, and she tells him that
she could have had those opportunities, too. He says they'll
figure it out, and tells her to continue with their plan. He says
this while lighting up a Lucky atop a snow-capped mountain, where
he lies down as the snow gradually covers him up, but his plans
are scuppered by rainfall melting his would-be tomb. He says,
"And ere I take this charm from off her sight,/As I can take it
with another herb,/I'll make her render up her page to me". He
scores big and adapts to the gambler's lifestyle, gaining respect
from Bendetta's spoiled friends. He scurries right off with the
money but, to his dismay, Michael finds that the earrings are
fastened to Julie's ears and cannot be removed. He secretly
arranges for Henry to be offered a good job in South America, but
Henry finds out about his hand in it and turns the opportunity
down. He secures Maggie a $1 million match in Las Vegas, Nevada
against the WBA women's welterweight champion, Billie "The Blue
Bear", a German ex-prostitute who has a reputation as a dirty
fighter. He seeks help from dr Brubaker, but to no avail. He
seeks out his old teacher Ron, who forces him to confront the
reasons he quit dancing in the first place. He seems to want to
do a makeover on June when he apparently sees her inner beauty.
He seems unchanged and has still not finished writing his
doctoral thesis on Martin Heidegger. He sees an ad for a roommate
and talks the reluctant young woman, Connie Milligan (Jean
Arthur), into letting him sublet half of her apartment. He sees
her on the street and offers to give her a tour of the real
Paris. He sees his family's faces for the first time, but not
Leeza's, who was away, reluctantly preparing for her marriage. He
sees no real future for himself, rather an entire life supported
by the Icelandic welfare state. He sees that she is with Ronny,
and he suggests that they simply agree that they didn't see each
other at all, but Loretta is conflicted. He sees the news on TV
and defies his agent by going to the game to help Darren, as well
as show Jane (who manages to stand up to the angry crowd) his
chastity belt. He sees the ragged-looking, sneezing wet cat but
does not recognize her. He selects a pretty place called
"Crooning Water" where she stays with Horace Dornblazer (Newall),
his wife Rachel (Dibley), and their three children. He sells his
Porsche 911, buys a family van, and gets back together with
Rebecca. He sends an invitation to Rachel for the opening night
performance. He sends for Corkle and convinces him that he is Joe
(by playing his saxophone just as badly as he did in his previous
incarnation). He sends for Duke Sheldon, who plants oil on a lot
George owns. He sends for two eligible bachelors from America on
the pretense of business. He sends her home to talk to her mother
about her situation, but Nancy misunderstands him and thinks that
he meant for her to discuss their impending marriage with her
mother. He separated Jane and Bingley out of fear that Jane had
contracted the "mysterious plague". He sets up a date between the
two, but Ina shows no interest in Chris, only able to think of
Lincoln. He shares a rented room with his pal "Limpy" Bill, a
construction worker. He shares with Stacy that he started driving
from his home in New Jersey just to take a drive and, the next
thing he knew, he found himself in Chicago, Illinois. He shares
with her his dream to become an Olympic Roller Skater. He showers
her with expensive gifts. He shows Piper, Jen, Tish, and Priestly
his high school yearbook, demonstrating that he was captain of
the football team and class president. He shows her the kitchen,
where Manuel is sleeping off the previous night's celebration in
the linen basket. He shows his evidence to his son, who hires
detectives to watch Lil. He shows the book to his friends Nathan
and Lube and explains that it is a sex manual that has been
compiled over forty years by the students who found it. He shows
up at Eva's job on a white horse and persuades her to forgive
him. He shows up at her apartment unexpectedly and sees her
without her disguise, so she has to pretend to be her roommate
Sadie (Patsy Kelly). He shrugs it off, saying, "I like it" (this
has caused the cartoon much controversy for implying
sadomasochism). He simultaneously receives more attention from
Carol. He sincerely promises not to do so with the staff of the
Regent. He sits in the dark every Thursday night, waiting for her
to show up. He slaps Ben again, who, in turn, punches Zach. He
slaps Pearl after Mickey runs out, assuming they slept together.
He sleeps for only 13 minutes and has to stay up for eight
months. He slips and falls into his bathtub while holding an
electric hairdryer, shocking himself. He slowly gains Julie’s
trust, and convinces her to stay for a while until the others
forget about her (though in reality, he just really likes her).
He slowly reveals himself to be a callous, social-climbing, gold-
digging gigolo, and Julia is shattered when their affair comes to
an end. He sneaks in, but then reveals that he is an escapee from
a nearby mental asylum and thinks he is "Boney". He sneaks into
Tabby's limo before it pulls in and he talks to her, and it is a
moment in which he finally realizes he must grow up. He sneaks
into the house with the minstrels playing that night at the ball,
where her parents are arranging her betrothal to Lord Wessex, an
impoverished aristocrat. He sneaks up, knocks Cornelius out, and
takes a resisting Tansy back to London. He soon apologizes,
however, and they kiss not much later. He soon comes across
Hubbie the Ghost (Ralph Macchio), who helps Danny with his girl
problems. He soon discovers that Cindy Jo is his wife and he's
the president of his company, Liberty Republic Sporting Goods. He
soon discovers that his neighbours are a loose troupe of
performers led by Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (John Leguizamo). He
soon discovers the exact trouble and orders mrs Orrin to bed with
instructions that she not even see her daughter. He spends an
uncomfortable night in a chair. He spends his days drinking with
friends and creating disturbances across his father's estate. He
spends much of the film washing his hands, all the while singing
the "Happy Birthday" song—an attempt to gauge the proper length
of time for the process. He spends the next three years wondering
what went wrong - until he gets the unexpected chance to travel
back in time and alter that night, and his fate, over and over
again. He spends the night talking with a few girls, but he
doesn't sleep with any of them. He spent his early adult years in
Virginia Beach as a police officer. He spots her on television
and tracks her to the studio. He sprinkles his second gift, a
packet of glittery "magic wishing dust". He stages elaborate fake
suicides, attends funerals and drives a hearse, all to the
chagrin of his socialite mother (Vivian Pickles). He stakes his
reputation on his mathematical calculations that show Colossal
should turn a profit. He stands in lines for hours to buy toilet
paper and shoes. He stares dreamily at the stage where Vicki is
performing her act. He starts to develop feelings for his best
friend, Julie (Michelle Trachtenberg). He starts to walk off the
stage, but then comes back and decides to chant with them
instead. He starts working for a Peace movement to get to know
Britta. He stays with Gregory in his house, and after listening
to an answer message that Isabelle's rabbit, Bongo, has died, he
runs to comfort her. He stays with Sharp while they await the
arrival of "Social Services"—an otherwise nameless woman with
plans to place Sam in a "juvenile refuge" and to explore the
possibility of treating him with electroshock therapy. He steals
the letter, and believes that his wife is having an affair. He
still lives with his mother (Chus Lampreave). He still yearns for
a reconciliation with Laura. He stops for her, having
difficulties driving the car, and asks for directions to Beverly
Hills. He stops her just in the nick of time and offers her a
position for which she previously applied. He stops singing "La
donna è mobile" and begins "Easy to Love", during which Dick gets
up and sits next to Nora, where they hold hands and snuggle. He
storms off as Tenley comes in, who follows him outside. He storms
out, but she persuades him to take her back. He storms over to
Simpson's office, and Simpson tells Ryan that he personally
screwed him over because Ryan was sleeping with his wife. He
struggles with an attacker, who loses his footing and tumbles
over a cliff. He struggles with defining career and
relationships, and after his best friend Brooke moves away, finds
himself falling for Sophie, a downtown photographer. He struggles
with low self-esteem, as well as a bullying coworker and rival,
Drew, who constantly dominates Julia's attention, a romantic
interest for Bruce but sexually for Drew. He stumbles from one
temporary job to the next, and he has very serious problems with
Heinrich, his rich and influential stepfather, as well as with
his brother Viktor. He stumbles into the cabin of Black Larsen, a
wanted criminal. He successfully composes the soundtrack. He
successfully woos Fanny into his bed, where she leaves him the
next morning, expecting him to return to his life in London. He
suddenly kisses her goodbye outside. He suffers from obsessive-
compulsive disorder which, paired with his misanthropy, alienates
nearly everyone with whom he interacts. He suggests getting
someone to pose as Finch's sweetheart to get him out of
difficulty. He suggests she first marry him discreetly, then
divorce him publicly. He suggests that she could portray the
maid, since she was an unexpected addition to the scenario. He
suggests there is a jinx. He suggests they kiss first, to get it
out of the way. He supports himself by writing for glossy
magazines, in addition to the tiny royalty checks that
occasionally arrive in his mailbox. He suspects customer Connie
Ennis (Janet Leigh) of being a comparative shopper for a rival
store when she buys an expensive toy train set without asking a
single question about it. He suspects his neighbor (and bridge
partner) George Ryan. He suspects that Joe knows where she is and
tries to get him to admit it, but Joe claims to know nothing
about it. He switches the love serum meant for Marge with water
and informs her of his intentions to search for Dick, but Spengo
overhears Afir's plan and has him placed in the barrel of the
laser, to die when Earth is destroyed. He takes Eve away from the
mother, but after Henry accuses the doctor of being a fortune
seeker, the doctor refuses to have anything to do with Eve. He
takes Gil to meet Stein, who agrees to read his novel and
introduces him to Pablo Picasso and his lover Adriana. He takes
Helen out to dinner and gets her to start teaching him about art.
He takes Meena back to her father and tries to make him
understand and honour his daughter's wish. He takes Mia home,
leaving Q and Harper the last two to leave the shelter. He takes
a break from his playboy lifestyle to attend his brother's (Paul)
wedding, where he becomes reacquainted with Jenny Perotti
(Jennifer Garner), Connor's childhood friend and the only girl
who's ever captured his heart. He takes a fancy to her and lets
her in on his racket, conning people out of money. He takes a
fatherly approach and gives her room/board, but never acts on
sexual opportunities. He takes an interest in his waitress, Carol
Connelly, the only server at the restaurant who can tolerate his
behavior. He takes her back to his filthy apartment and they
agree to sleep together. He takes her back to his mansion. He
takes her for a walk, they kiss, and he gives her the earrings.
He takes her home and meets Judith's mother, Miss Sarah (Ella
Joyce). He takes her on a tour through Central Park, and another
day they venture for fun across the city and use their self-
defense skills to fight a bully named Daryl Kitzens and try to
inspect an apartment for rent, worrying his nervous parents. He
takes her to Los Angeles and tries to introduce her to Felix
Hofer (Sakall). He takes her to a nearby art gallery. He takes
her to a nightclub called the Circus Cafe. He takes her to his
and Michael's favorite hangout and once come close to having sex.
He takes her to see the New York Yankees play baseball. He takes
her to the beach and they make love. He takes her to the
department store to get an outfit for a night out on the town. He
takes her to visit his aunt and they drive a convertible along
the picturesque rocky corniches. He takes his groceries to the
self-help group for autistic adults. He takes off immediately to
catch Cecil before she leaves town, and after a near-miss, finds
her at her apartment. He takes on a high-paying experiment to
test a drug that enhances the five senses. He takes pictures of
her in all of them and sends them with the completed article to
his boss. He takes the Tramp back to his mansion and gives him a
change of clothes. He takes the video to Rex's wife, Marylin
Rexroth (Catherine Zeta-Jones), a marriage-for-money predator. He
takes their son's baby photos and taunts her about her perceived
lack of emotions, even about their divorce and their son's death,
and then assaults her, douses her in vodka, then burns the
photos. He takes them through that day's encounter, where
Benjamin worked up the nerve to talk to his future wife with "20
seconds of insane courage", and walks up to the table she was at.
He takes them to see the girls he saw, which gives them the
inspiration to change up their team. He takes up painting and
makes an attempt to patronize an émigré Russian artist of genius.
He talks Harold into standing up for himself, but when Tammy
comes in, he pretends the men are having a Bible study. He taps
the new aquarium and the glass shatters. He taunts Buttercup,
claiming that women cannot be trusted and that she must have felt
nothing when her true love and sweetheart had died. He teaches
her some Nigerian pidgin and slangs. He tearfully apologizes to
her for never doing the things she wanted when she was still
alive. He teases her about the unusual men in her past. He tells
Cecilia that he is attracted to her after noticing her watching
him so many times, and she takes him around her New Jersey town.
He tells Gwen that Caleb is gay so she'll set him up with Marc.
He tells Jenny that Professor Bedlam is her true love. He tells
Jerry that he didn't double cross him as it was Bernie who wanted
to sell the pistol to the highest bidder. He tells Jonah that
they can remove it in time, but Jonah's upset that he won't be
able to father children. He tells Justine she did good; she's a
good girl. He tells Megan that he has been drinking the wine that
she bought for them because he is upset that his parents are
sending him to boarding school in the fall. He tells Mike that he
wishes he'd hit that last pitch out of the park, after which Mike
fixes him a drink called "The Spilt Milk". He tells Ryan of a
huge merger between his company, Simpson Inc, and a large drug
corporation. He tells Victor that he will tell her the truth, but
when she telephones and asks him to marry her, he at last says
yes. He tells her about a love affair with a woman named Yvette
to whom he revealed top-secret information during the Korean War.
He tells her about his son wanting to learn French cooking, but
she does not understand. He tells her he did not use the Hall
Pass and remembers the time he lost his virginity to her. He
tells her he fantasizes about her twin sister, but she doesn’t
have a twin sister, so it’s just another way of fantasizing about
her… and is she offended. He tells her he has decided to attend
art school in Boston so he can be near her when she goes to
Harvard. He tells her he has got used to being rejected and will
not be angry if she rejects him, too. He tells her he has plans
to retire from singing and pursue a more conventional career,
thinking that will impress her. He tells her he knew he, not
Colin, was the one for her. He tells her it can not be, and she
does not understand and runs out. He tells her it may be because
they fear death, with which Rose agrees. He tells her of the
rumor then confesses he's in love with her. He tells her politics
is making choices, his number-one has always been the crime
control bill, and that he does not want to lose her over this. He
tells her she doesn't belong in jail and removes all her other
rings and slips a diamond engagement ring onto her marriage
finger. He tells her that Edith went to the observatory, when she
is really having lunch with George in the cafeteria. He tells her
that he is not neglecting or abusing Sue; he cares about Sue and
his cons are to provide for Sue. He tells her that he must break
up with her, as he's too busy with the revenge mission and "too
complex" for a relationship. He tells her that he told his dad
that he gave up singing and was given 10% of the business so he
can support her. He tells her that he's sorry and that what he
felt for her was real, but she accuses him of being a liar and
says she can't believe that, then walks away with Derrick calling
after her. He tells her that the decision is hers. He tells her
that the ramen shop needs a successor, and that she is the
successor of his ramen shop. He tells her that, if given a second
chance, he would be a much better husband, leaving Erica visibly
uneasy. He tells her think about it overnight. He tells her what
he never says to his lovers – that he loves her and wants her to
marry him. He tells her, "I missed, fortunately for you". He
tells him that what Art or even himself want is irrelevant, and
that the only thing that matters is Betty's happiness. He tells
him, "The jails are full of innocent people because they told the
truth". He tells his brothers they need to take the women back to
their homes in town, but his brothers are unwilling. He tells his
father that he is the father of the child and plans to marry
Polly, all the while believing Polly is the child's mother. He
tells his wife he'll leave her the address of where he's living
in Rio to send the divorce papers, resigns from his job and goes
back to Rio. He tells of his New York experience with Isabel
Drury, of how they fell in love and decided to wed, only to have
Cas repeatedly upset Isabel's mother by insulting her belief in
astrology, ignoring her warnings that their union would be
cursed, then inadvertently burning down the Drurys' house. He
tells the tattoo artist, fellow drape Dupree (Robert Tyree):
"I've been hurt all my life, but real tears wash away. He tells
them his wife is pregnant and they don't know what they are
talking about and angrily hangs up. He tells them that they
should stop moping around and take whatever action is necessary
to get their women. He thanks Jerry for risking his life for the
pistol he was going to give to his greedy boss. He then addresses
the crowd, expressing his contempt for their antics. He then
apologizes and asks her to join the family dinner. He then asked
himself, "Vinny, where are you going. He then asks if his wife
would have done as well under such circumstances. He then assumes
that his wife is connected to the Mafia and are plotting to kill
him because of some of his inventions, Claire does not see the
"connection". He then calls for the check, pulls out an enormous
wad of money, and pays with a $1,000 bill, telling the chef to
keep the change. He then catches up with Vizzini and proposes a
battle of wits, guessing which cup of wine is poisoned with
iocaine powder. He then decides to adopt it, but in a hurry to
prove he has a stable home life, he proposes to the first woman
he sees, Monica, a hotel maid, that they get married immediately.
He then delivers a touching, eloquent speech that redeems him
with his daughter and endears him to Kate. He then discovers that
he has Tong footage after all; the mischievous monkey had
switched the reels. He then embraces her. He then feels so guilty
that Cathy immediately notices something is wrong, and he admits
what he has done, insisting that he still loves Cathy. He then
finds that his psychotic assistant, Tonya (Mena Suvari), who is
in love with him, has tracked him down to the resort. He then
finds the eviction notice and reads it aloud at the girl's
request. He then flips out and reminds her that she had rebuffed
him the weekend before and therefore believes she's playing
games, then drives her home. He then gives Brian a check for
$250,000 for "expenses" and leaves. He then goes back claiming he
"forgot" something to tell Bruce to wait for him. He then goes
out for a night at the bar, leaving a heartbroken Aimee to get on
the bus to Philadelphia by herself. He then goes out with Liz
(who chooses the very same restaurant) and ends up making love to
her. He then goes to get her father, but on the way back the owl
gets into the car making Tom lose control of the car and crash
into the house. He then grabs Dooley's taser which he uses on
Dave, recharging him. He then heads to the wedding. He then joins
the group, pretending that he is actually his friend, Vince. He
then kisses Amelia and the two sleep together and she gives him
the black leather pants that she bought him as a Christmas
present that she never gave him since they broke up before
Christmas. He then kisses Cathy, checking to see how this makes
Lina feel. He then leaves but quickly returns and confesses that
he has feelings for Mary. He then lies in a variety of other
circumstances, such as preventing a police officer (Edward
Norton) from arresting Greg for drunk driving and stopping his
depressive neighbour Frank Fawcett (Jonah Hill) from committing
suicide. He then locks the elevator and proceeds to kiss Emma. He
then makes a clumsy pass at her, to which she is accustomed and
immediately rebuffs. He then meets President John Kennedy as a
member of the NCAA "All-American" team. He then meets a woman at
the zoo, Gloria Franklin, who is getting married in 2 weeks. He
then meets his friends, who state that they've been enlightened,
and Chuck embraces Tammy while Earl feigns nausea. He then moves
in part-time with Lawrence's son, James (Ashton Holmes), in his
college dormitory. He then notices how Dashiell goes to group
therapy. He then offers to carry the boxes for the woman to her
car. He then orders the couple to be tortured; Harry (under a
truth serum) reveals his double life to an understandably shocked
Helen. He then outstretches his hand again, and this time she
accepts. He then plans to get rid of them one by one. He then
plots to kill Larry at the office that night. He then pops his
hand out of his sleeve and laughs. He then presents it to a
thrilled Helen to sell at an auction at the gallery. He then
proposes and gives her the locket she wore at the beginning of
the film. He then puts the gun in his mouth. He then quits the
police force and moves to Texas and works for Sysco, the family
business. He then remembers that Marlin once told him that Lucy
only sings after she meets him. He then reminds Thorne of what he
is capable of by leaning into him and growling, causing the Vice
Principal to pee himself. He then removes his homeless disguise
and reveals himself to be Fuzzy22. He then returned to the United
States and was lost and traumatized, until he met surfers and
decided to live a peaceful lifestyle. He then returns home
determined to rebuild his wounded marriage, but not before paying
a visit to his father's grave, promising (in a voice-over) that
he will be a better husband to his wife than his father was,
pouring a bottle of Irish whiskey over the grave. He then returns
to Dairy and teaches at the local second-rate boys' prep school
he attended, the Dairy School. He then reveals that Graves has
been sabotaging his succession to the throne and has him arrested
for violating the Treason Act of 1702. He then reveals to the
choir that her husband, whom she previously had claimed was
deceased, is alive and remarried to a better woman. He then runs
over and hops into the Cabriolet. He then says he could kill her
husband to free her from her marriage. He then sets fire to
another part of the gallery, forcing an evacuation as a way to
leave with the painting and without anyone noticing. He then sets
out to romance the judge, intending to threaten her with an
alienation of affection scandal to force her to reduce Blair's
alimony burden. He then shows her the wedding video, which is
full of adoring closeups of her. He then shows him the video of
the young Sandra, to prove his words. He then spends the night
with Polly. He then springs his trap. He then tells the kids,
"Looks like you're gonna have to go to college after all". He
then threatens to sue Brian if he does not pass the company onto
him. He then tries Becky (or "Stalker Becky" as Gus calls her)
who rejects him by claiming she never thought of her and Jonah as
a couple. He then tries unsuccessfully to explain to Merle that
Gillian is a witch. He then uses his influence to draw Josie into
the cool crowd, much to the dismay of Aldys. He then uses the
same voodoo ritual to transfer Tiffany's soul into the bride
doll, in order for her to feel what he went through as a living
doll. He thereafter opens a letter from Beezy. He thereafter
reveals his belief that his father and stepmother, who are
expecting a new baby, will care less for him once it's born; but
is persuaded otherwise by Charlie. He thinks he's happy, after
being promoted from mailroom worker to the assistant of a snotty
agent (Cheri Oteri). He thinks she arrives when a vehicle turns
up after Stifler is talking on the phone, but it turns out to be
his little brother Matt (Eli Marienthal), the star of later
films. He thinks that everyone is naughty, and he plans to give
the entire world lumps of coal. He thinks that is an excellent
plan; he chooses Sally, telling her that this is how she can pay
her gambling debt. He thinks the man should be "Anglo-Saxon" (to
appeal to the corn belt), while Herbert (Franklin Pangborn),
Glory's dressmaker, insists he be under 25. He threatens to put
the men to work, ending their idyllic lifestyle, unless they keep
Jean from leaving for 24 hours. He threatens to report them to
Marcel, but Dave challenges him to the game (without telling
Sctanley that he is involved in the game's production). He
threatens to take away Seryozha if she persists in her affair
with Vronsky. He throws a fit because Ian is not an ethnic Greek,
and he orders Toula to end the relationship and tries to set her
up on dates with Greek men, but Ian and Toula continue to see
each other, against Gus's wishes. He throws it out the window
into a river they are driving past. He throws the map, wishes
them well and turns to face the mob. He ties them to helium
balloons and flies them as one would a kite. He too finds married
life less than satisfactory. He too has now become successful. He
totally freaks out when he learns that the people he sees in the
mansion are all ghosts. He tours many houses with his 7-year-old
daughter, Rosie (Maggie Elizabeth Jones), and his realtor, mr
Stevens (JB. He tracks down Kate's work number and calls her to
explain but she refuses to take the call. He tracks down Missy's
therapist, dr Freeman, at the airport, hoping to squeeze in a
therapy session. He tracks her down on Facebook and invites her
to lunch. He tracks her down to her appointment and they both
start another argument, leading to their own breakup. He trades
VIP privileges at the club for favors from women. He trades the
loot from the passengers for a kiss from Kitty who feels she
should "yield" in order to save the life of Lord Varney (Walter
Pidgeon), who has gallantly come to defend her honor. He
transfers her to a couch. He travels to Provence to prepare a
quick sale. He tries to cadge a ride to the bus station but spies
Eve on the roof of the bar, and races up to see her. He tries to
carry her bridal-style to the car, but finds he can’t lift her,
so she carries him instead. He tries to convince his mother that
they have ended their relationship and mentions his new found
love, describing Kimberly. He tries to explain to his therapist
that he has got some of his memory back. He tries to find
something else they have in common, but to no avail. He tries to
fit in the upper-class, and changes not merely his outlook on
life but also his hairstyle. He tries to get them to attend the
junket, playing on Gwen's ego by telling her she will look better
to the press and her fans if she attends (and she will be able to
serve Eddie with divorce papers). He tries to hook up with
different girls at a house party with his friend Carl, but none
of his attempts goes well. He tries to inform Courtney of his
decision to audition for the record deal, but cannot bring
himself to do it. He tries to move forward with his life, but
despair hinders his performances. He tries to persuade her to
give up her involvement in the suffrage movement, but she insists
she cannot abandon such a worthy cause. He tries to pick up Vicki
after her performance but is sternly warned that she belongs to
somebody else. He tries to prevent the impending marriage of
Colleran (Turner), his best reporter and ex-wife, by keeping her
on the job during the critical news coverage of an upcoming
execution and prison break. He tries to reconcile with her,
insisting that he doesn't care if they remain childless as long
as he can be with her. He tries to spend the night at Gloria's
but he discovers she started dating Manny. He tries to storm into
it unarmed and rebuke the gang members, oblivious to the
hazardous stupidity of doing so. He tries to use his powers to
convince Grace to stay, but cannot influence her free will. He
tries to walk up to her but is stopped by security. He tries to
win it back at the casino, putting it all on his "lucky number"
15. He tries, again, to tell her the truth, but she drives away
before he can finish explaining it. He turns himself in to Carr,
then reveals that he is the millionaire son of Carr's business
associate and that he holds a sizable number of shares in Carr's
own company. He turns his head, noting his parents outside a door
talking to doctors. He turns to Candy and Randy in a last attempt
to avoid his domineering mother’s match-making scheme. He
ultimately stops. He understands he wants to be with Devon and
quits his job. He unknowingly drinks the cup of poison. He urges
Harvey to return to as soon as possible. He uses Omega Sector
resources to learn that Simon is a used car salesman, pretending
to be a secret agent as a means to seduce Helen. He uses Reggie's
size against him, and locks him back up. He uses his technical
expertise to create weapons and gadgets. He uses the tricks he
honed in freestyle practice to dodge Rodney's attacks and push
him against the ropes repeatedly, finally stating that they both
had a lot of things to be mad about, but fighting would not
improve them. He uses this time off to take his wife Sandy and
children Jennifer, Bobby, and Laurie on a summer vacation from
the Atlanta area to the Gulf Coast resort town of Citrus Cove,
Florida, where they are beset by a never-ending barrage of
problems. He visited the Radio City Music Hall, and described it
as the most beautiful thing he ever saw. He visits his cousin
Matilda Hemingway (ZaSu Pitts) in New York City, in Horace's view
the center of immorality in America. He visualizes her (Stephanie
Szostak) sitting there, and asks her why such an amazing woman
would talk to someone like him. He vowed never to commit any
violence against a human being again. He vows to lock his doors,
pull his blinds, and climb into bed - until best friend Jacob
(Brian McGuire) talks him into posting a Craigslist personal ad.
He waits at the starting point despite Harold's frantic efforts
to get him to leave. He waits for Ben at the mayor's lakeside
lodge, where Ben has been staying. He waits for her to get
dressed, including in underwear she says she keeps cool in her
icebox. He wakes to find a note from Beth who is waiting for him
at the synagogue. He wakes up and remembers that he is actually a
suave conman named George Carey. He wakes up half-naked in the
snow with a frostbitten toe, and he is taken to the hospital
where the left big toe is amputated. He wakes up in a park, with
a dog tethered to his foot and a note on his sweater reading
"Sorry", which becomes the dog's name. He walks all night and
arrives at Alice's house just as everyone else is leaving. He
walks around wearing a scarlet cardigan (with matching socks and
shirts) and a devilish smirk. He walks her home one night and
finds her Spanish family living in a tiny home next to the
railway tracks, where Fran's family show him the authentic
Spanish pasodoble style. He walks her home, which turns out to be
a few steps away. He walks into a convenience store where a
lottery contestant, Cash, has a winning ticket worth $238. He
walks into her bedroom and sees his painting hanging on the wall,
and a wheelchair concealed there. He walks out, but Gaby speaks
with him alone and they work out their differences. He walks over
to the limousine, opens the door, reaches in, and presents an
adorable Golden Retriever puppy to Stacy. He wanders off to find
the "beautiful young lady skunk". He wanders outside as other
guests arrive for her party. He wanders the streets and eats food
left by chorus girls. He wants an explanation, but Zelda simply
orders him: "Kiss me, stupid". He wants her to give up her goal
and marry him, but Pat does not give up on herself that easily.
He wants her to hold off until his father's term ends in two
years, but she is unwilling to wait that long. He wants nothing
more than to be a writer, but when his mother’s health takes a
turn for the worse, Jake is sent to Miami to live with his
father, “Zowie” (Harvey Keitel), a small-time “handicapper” who
gives horse racing tips for a living. He wants to "know trouble"
first-hand, and plans to travel as a tramp so he can return and
make a film that depicts the sorrows of humanity. He wants to
find some meaning and magic in his life, having grown
increasingly weary of what he sees as the rather shallow and
superficial city of LA. He wants to leave the health resort as
well and, without prompting, Vinny promises not to come on to her
or do anything else of the sort. He wants to leave the job and
work somewhere else, but she angrily tells him he has no choice
and that he must stay; it is clear that she is completely in
control of the relationship. He wants to repay her so he gets two
full-time photographer jobs: one for a Playboy-like magazine
owned by Mike Lansdown (Don Porter), the other for a very
conservative advertising firm co-owned by mr Penlow (Rudy
Vallee). He wants to skate with her, but on his terms: no money;
he calls the shots. He wants to stop his wealthy wife, Gloria
(Ava Gardner), from divorcing him. He wants to talk about 'him
and her' after the ride, and she retreats again, only to twist an
ankle getting off the still-moving ride. He wants to use the
telephone, but is instead immediately adopted by Emily Kilbourne,
despite the rude efforts of Grosvenor and Emily's daughters
Geraldine "Jerry" (Constance Bennett) and Marion (Bonita
Granville). He warns Bloom that Stephen will not be around
forever, and tells Bloom he should join him. He warns Samantha to
be careful and not to get caught. He warns her that he will teach
her only the basics and then find her a manager. He was a man in
Paris whom she loved and planned to travel the world with but she
soon found out he had a wife and child and she returned home
alone and pregnant. He was greeted by Sally's parents who gave
him five minutes to interact with their daughter. He was tried in
a Scottish court and the verdict was 'not proven' rather than
'not guilty' implying his guilt but without enough proof for a
jury to convict him. He wears a ponytail, a manicured goatee,
"male make-up", and chews nicotine gum, much to Matthew's dismay.
He wears down her resolve, and Hilliard catches her in a frilly
nightgown. He went to America to sell some old paintings to
restore the family fortunes but on the way back receives a
message that the cheque he was given for the paintings is
invalid. He will come out of it by giving Vernet a lesson on how
he should act with Susie to impress her. He will inherit seven
million dollars if he is married by 7:00&nbsp;pm. He will soon
learn that his hobby for playing chess while his mother was alive
is another gift she left him. He winds up getting stuck on it
when he tries to head to the other side and then pops himself out
of it. He wins Cobb's wholehearted respect and eventually Babe's
love. He wins back his job, and is promoted as well, when he
sells liquor-coated chewing gum as a sales gimmick. He wonders
whether Margo will start hanging out with him and his friends Ben
and Radar. He wonders why she left after the triumph at the ball
and concludes that men (especially himself) are far superior to
women ("A Hymn to Him"). He works at an MTV-like cable channel
called "In Your Face" as an executive, and after learning about a
documentary she's been working on, wants to get it aired on his
network. He works for a nightclub called Chocolate City and
aspires to be its owner. He works in the stockroom at SmartTech,
an electronics store. He works with Julie by bringing in a box
for Michael at work. He would also rather be a tyrant and recites
some lines of Ercles. He would be very pleased to have Tom marry
her. He would rather have her helping him get the business deal
with Rodgers. He would rather settle down in the bedroom. He
would spend Christmas Day alone and visit his mom at the end of
the night, and she would give him an adult stack of pancakes. He
wound up driving all the way from New Jersey to southern
California just to see her. He wrestles with the idea of
falseness, wondering how he should go about ridding himself of
it, and criticising what he feels is falseness in others. He
writes a suicide note on Kyle’s computer and hangs his son’s body
in the closet. He writes that he misses her terribly, and that he
wants nothing more than to come back, have children, and spend
the rest of his life with her. He writes the book after his wife
dies in a car accident as a way to deal with the grief. He's also
not thrilled about having to give up smoking weed, and he instead
brought weed breath strips. He's annoyed with the Butlers, who
have crashed his car and can't pay to fix it. He's been married
to Marilyn for 34 years and they have 3 children—Tony, Renata and
Jan. He's even gone so far as to join a support group for
virginal men, but this type of reinforcement still can't make him
a hit with the ladies. He's just finished his sixth year playing
"The Tall Guy", a straight man in a two-man, long-running comedy
revue starring (and dominated by) Ron Anderson (Rowan Atkinson,
playing a role based on himself). He's more interested in her
than in Universal Widgets, but decides to be of help in order to
get closer to her. He's rather heavy. He, Jim, Oz and Finch plan
to take off to a beach house together, where they intend to spend
the summer. He, Sammy, and Holly rush to the airport, where he
books a flight to Las Vegas. He, on the other hand, thinks she
has turned down his offer of marriage. Head cheerleader Tina
(Bree Turner) is ready to ask them to join the team, but Greg
(Bryce Johnson) goes a step further, telling Tina that Whittier
will be the next head cheerleader. Headin' South gains quite a
reputation as he goes along and finally believes himself worthy
of joining Joe's band. Healing the gunshot wound and at the same
time removing Joe's memory of his past life, mr Jordan hangs
around for a bit longer until Miss Logan arrives. Healy finds
that she is an orthopedic surgeon living in Miami with her
friend, Magda, and quickly falls in love with Mary as well. Healy
resorts to lying, cheating, stalking, and even drugging Magda's
dog to win Mary over, but is exposed by Mary's architect friend,
Tucker (Lee Evans), who is heavily reliant on crutches and speaks
with an English accent. Heard by Donald, he tries to calm an
angry Isabelle down and they find that they have much in common
and take a liking to each other. Hearing a woman singing, Jeff
sneaks into the palace and see a lot of beautiful girls dancing
for the beautiful Princess Shalmar (Dorothy Lamour) and singing
to a very relaxed Orville. Hearing about the talents of Polly the
Pistol and declaring himself eager "to shoot it out with her,"
Dino goes to the trailer and finds Zelda there and mistakes her
for Polly. Hearing the teen's lament about lost love, she has an
epiphany and leaves to take Robert back. Hearing this, Bebe
becomes upset and leaves the house, clearly upset at Don. Hearn
lapses into hysterics as Sweetland reveals that Minta will be his
bride. Hearn says she is now willing to be his wife. Heartbroken
and humiliated, Terri retreats to her room and writes a long
article on what it is like to be a girl in boy's clothing,
detailing all of her experiences, both good and bad. Heartbroken
and upset, Deeds decides to return home to Mandrake Falls and
makes plans to donate his $40 billion inheritance to the United
Negro College Fund. Heartbroken and weary with his arrogant
personality and lack of devotion, Faye terminates their
relationship. Heartbroken, Connor was told by Wayne that he must
avoid romance at all costs in order not to feel such pain again.
Heartbroken, Elle misunderstands everything, which causes Kit and
Andy to carry out an investigation where they hear the
receptionist calling Kandi "Miss Smirkle". Heartbroken, Jackie
and Kiko have both gone their separate ways. Heartbroken, Julie
leaves the restaurant, and soon moves out of her Manhattan
apartment to Brooklyn, putting some space between herself and
Jason. Heartbroken, Mary impulsively agrees to marry Ronald.
Heartbroken, Mary leaves the party and has a traffic accident
after running a red light. Heartbroken, Phillip calls Steven
while he is in the infirmary and confesses that, while he is
still upset with Steven for lying to him, he still loves him.
Heartbroken, Robbie leaves to get drunk and finds Glenn in the
midst of his pre-bachelor party. Heartbroken, Rusty turns to
alcohol and comes home drunk almost every night. Heartbroken,
Sharpay seeks the support of Peyton, and the two make up.
Heartbroken, he goes to a strip club, gets drunk and becomes
acquainted with one of the club's dancers, Ivy Miller (Reese
Witherspoon). Heartbroken, he lets himself be picked up by a
woman (Hope Holiday) at a local bar. Heartbroken, she believes
she has ruined her chances with the honest and caring Sam.
Heartbroken, she returns to her lonely apartment, only to find
Doug there. Heartbroken, she runs off the runway in tears at the
conclusion of the show. Heartbroken, when Billy invites her to
his birthday, she agrees to go, along with Dockweiler. Heartened,
he takes back his ring. Heather (Lassez) is in love with her
girlfriend Cindy (Mitchell) until one day Cindy "wakes up" and
breaks up with Heather, saying she wants a "real prince". Heather
Halloran is about to give birth to a baby, chased after by three
men who want to marry her. Heather and Rebecca later come to the
neighbor's house intending to have sex with him as practice, but
he appears afraid when he sees them through his window and he
pretends not to be home. Heather does the makeup. Heather later
shows up early to the party, ending the short storyline that Oz
is involved in. Heather tells Cindy to get out of her bed and
telephones Clea. Heather works as a make up artist at Rolling
Headstones Funeral Home in Los Angeles, "making dead rock-stars
look good" for their next album covers. Heather, Beth, and Carrie
defend her after a guest throws his drink at Kate. Heidi and Rob
return to the cabin and have sex. Heidi follows him downstairs,
but Rob refuses to talk to her and begins to drink heavily. Heidi
says she feels the same, and they agree to meet at Stifler's
party later. Helen (who, in the beginning of the film, assumed
the rejoinder to be "always look on the bright side of life".
Helen Bauer (Bette Davis) is a glamorous, successful, headstrong,
and very liberated New York graphic artist with modern ideas
about romance. Helen Ferguson (Barbara Stanwyck) is eight months
pregnant and unmarried. Helen Harris (Kate Hudson) and Lindsay
(Felicity Huffman) were raised by their oldest sister, Jenny
(Joan Cusack), after their mother died when Helen was seven.
Helen Quilley (Gwyneth Paltrow) gets fired from her public
relations job. Helen Steele (Claudette Colbert) is bored to death
of her empty socialite lifestyle. Helen and Charles McCarter have
money, success, and a fine home. Helen and Harry intimidate Simon
into fleeing, and the film ends with the couple dancing the tango
(as Harry and Juno did at the beginning of the film) in
celebration while Gib complains about always being stuck in the
surveillance van. Helen and Jenny are in shock when they hear
Lindsay and Paul left Helen in charge of their three kids:
15-year-old Audrey (Hayden Panettiere), 10-year-old Henry
(Spencer Breslin), and five-year-old Sarah (Abigail Breslin).
Helen and Jessica later get into a quarrel about Jessica's
refusal to inform her family of their relationship, resulting in
an apparent breakup. Helen and Orlando argue when he learns she
has moved back in with Charles to look after him. Helen breaks
off her engagement and rushes to Jack's room to try to explain.
Helen continually calls her husband, asking him to send the
paddle so Ricky can use the kayak, but Richard is repeatedly
distracted. Helen cultivates a relationship with Orlando. Helen
dumps him and moves in with her friend Anna (Zara Turner), and
changes her appearance to make a fresh start. Helen gives birth
to her child and is accepted by the Harknesses, the family of the
dead woman's husband, Hugh Harkness, who was also killed in the
train crash. Helen had told him about a missing Velasquez, Two
Children in the Court. Helen insists that other experts be
brought in. Helen is stunned to see Gerry, and Lydia drops the
news of her own pregnancy to both. Helen kicks the driver,
Orlando, out of the truck and visits her intimidating
grandmother, Madea. Helen leaves, and sits alone on a bench near
a swing set. Helen quickly becomes popular with the other women
at the reception, who don't seem to mind at all her lesbian
relationship with Jessica. Helen reads the letter, which explains
that Lindsay decided to choose Helen because it's about choosing
someone who is more like herself, someone who can really give the
children the mother they really want. Helen retaliates for years
of verbal and emotional abuse. Helen returns to her wild
lifestyle full of partying and booze, but feels much less
fulfilled than she had been before she became responsible for the
children. Helen shows up at the racetrack and forgives him. Helen
suspects Gerry of infidelity, but later discovers that she is
pregnant. Helena begins a friendship with Jonathan (Roger Ashton-
Griffiths), the keeper of an occult bookshop, which develops into
romance. Helena begins seeing fortune teller Cristal (Pauline
Collins) for spiritual advice. Helena continually makes advances
towards Demetrius, promising to love him more than Hermia. Helena
helps pay their rent. Helena meanwhile pines unrequitedly for
Demetrius. Helena, coming across him, wakes him while attempting
to determine whether he is dead or asleep. Helena, desperate to
reclaim Demetrius's love, tells Demetrius about the plan and he
follows them in hopes of killing Lysander. Helene and Lita
Andrews (Irene Dunne and Claudia Dell, respectively) are small
town girls who have come to the big city in order to find fame
and fortune. Helene and Nickie try to comfort Charity about
Charlie's absence ("Charity's Soliloquy"). Helene finally
understands that Carter is being sincere, and accepts his
proposal of marriage. Helene is beside herself with worry, since
she has no idea on how to find Lita and Graham. Helene is much
more sensible than her younger sister, Lita, who is a bit
flighty. Helene rebuffs all of his attempts to win her back.
Hella lives in a boarding house and has various romantic
adventures before settling down with vacuum cleaner salesman
Winkler. Helmut begins a lot of short affairs with different
women but still searches for his first girl. Helmut hurries to
Berlin and finds Britta, but she has changed and has become
arrogant. Helmut is lying in his girlfriend's bed when his old
school friend Mücke calls him, who saw Britta in Berlin. Helmut
studies literature and politics in his home town and has a
relationship with another girl from his former school, now
studying medicine on the same university but they break up after
having an affair with her room mate. Helped by Ann, Fernandel,
and villainess-turned-heroine Zara, Bob is chased all over Paris
by the underworld, at one point winding up in a mental asylum for
safekeeping. Helped by her two vagabond friends, Bucha (Lucci
Ferreira) and Chico (Lázaro Ramos), and by her boyfriend,
Alexandre Pires (portrayed by himself), she garners the strength
to fight Pierre back and live freely as she wishes. Helpful doves
roosting in the tree shake down the clothing she needs for the
ball. Hemingway offers to show Gil's novel to Gertrude Stein, and
Gil goes to fetch his manuscript from his hotel. Hence, Karishma
assigns Nikhil to keep Meeta away from her father (Manoj Joshi).
Hennessy, not knowing the circumstances, agrees to the deal and
offers $5,000 if the interview is all Joe claims it will be, but
bets Joe $500 that he will not succeed. Henri Mooré, a powerful,
popular tycoon thought of by some as a gangster, learns of
Burdett's impressive history as a thief and offers him additional
island-life benefits and pleasures in return for stealing the
diamond. Henrietta marries an officer in the Grenadier Guards;
David marries his girlfriend Serena; Scarlett marries Chester;
Tom marries his distant cousin Deirdre (whom he met, for the
second time in 25 years, at Charles's wedding); Matthew finds a
new partner; Fiona marries Prince Charles; and Charles and Carrie
have a young son. Henrietta punches Charles and the wedding is
halted. Henry Biggs (Courtney Vance) is the pastor of a small
struggling Baptist church in a poverty-stricken neighborhood of
New York City. Henry Gordon) to buy "Colossal Pictures," a
fictional film studio on Poverty Row. Henry Hart is a successful
gay artist from New York City who returns to his rural hometown
in Montana to care for his ailing grandfather. Henry MacMorrow, a
junior partner in the law firm of Parsons, Hilton, Trent and
MacMorrow, is assigned the task of obtaining the signatures of
various members of the Pemberton family so that a piece of
property they own can be sold. Henry Pepper (Brian Aherne), top
writer for Knickerbocker magazine, is assigned to write a profile
on Carol Ainsley (Rosalind Russell), who has been named the
outstanding career woman of the year. Henry Roth is a
veterinarian at Sea Life Park on the island of Oahu, Hawaii.
Henry and Effie both have their own lawyers who advise that since
neither one will leave the family home they need witnesses that
the couple are living apart to facilitate the divorce
proceedings, and due to Henry's alleged violent temper Effie's
lawyer also demands she have a bodyguard, a thug named Gooch who
stays at the home. Henry and Gabriella decide to wed, but Henry
calls the wedding off. Henry arrives as Danielle leaves Pierre's
mansion. Henry arrives at the Permberton home before Toni and
Junior, and the rest of the family mistakes him for her fiancé
Howard Rogers. Henry begins concocting ways to run into Lucy on
the following days, such as pretending to have car trouble,
creating a fake road block, or by having Ula beat him up. Henry
begs for Danielle’s name but she lies and gives Henry the name of
her mother, who died giving birth to Danielle. Henry buys her
silence with gold because King Francis (Timothy West) and Queen
Marie (Judy Parfitt) tell Henry that he must choose a bride
before the masquerade ball or wed the Spanish princess,
Gabriella. Henry chases the thief and returns the Mona Lisa to da
Vinci. Henry comes up with an idea to make a video explaining to
Lucy her accident and their relationship. Henry gets picked up by
the police and kept for interrogation until the wee hours of the
morning; but his troubles are just starting. Henry has also
become neglectful of his wife, Julia (Whitney Houston), and his
son, Jeremiah. Henry has become obsessed with raising funds, to
the detriment of his family life. Henry has to devise a plan to
save the camp from a piece of NASA's Skylab, which is falling to
Earth. Henry is thoroughly enjoying Carol's predicament until he
kisses her and begins to fall in love with her himself. Henry is
under intense pressure from real estate developer Joe Hamilton
(Gregory Hines) to sell the church's property so that Hamilton
can build luxury condominiums on the site. Henry is welcomed back
by the townsfolk, all of whom are aware of his sexuality and are
highly accepting and even supportive towards him (the film's plot
and dialogue is notably devoid of homophobic content). Henry
listens to her speech in admiration, and when she finishes, she
rushes into his arms. Henry looks for Danielle but finds that
Rodmilla sold her to landowner, Pierre le Pieu (Richard O'Brien).
Henry now realizes that his family is the most important thing in
his life, and he resolves to be a better husband and father.
Henry overhears Danielle argue with the Cargomaster (Al Ashton)
and orders Maurice's release. Henry proposed to Kate and they are
about to be married, but on the day of their wedding, Kate is
accidentally killed by an ice sculpture angel, because of the
actions of an ice sculptor (Stephen Root). Henry reluctantly
helps Lucy destroy her journal entries of their relationship.
Henry rushes to the brain institute where Lucy now resides and
asks if she knows who he is. Henry thinks she is a local, which
prevents him from introducing himself, but the next day he comes
back. Henry wants to know why his cathedral plans were derailed.
Henry wishes Max well, and he then returns to Julie. Henry's
closest friends are Ula, a marijuana-smoking Islander; his
assistant Alexa, whose gender is unclear; Willy, his pet African
penguin; and Jocko, a walrus. Henry's mother reluctantly agrees
to help Eliza make conversation, following Henry's advice that
Eliza should stick to two subjects: the weather and everybody's
health. Henry, meanwhile, has become intrigued by Carol and has
decided that she would be terrific if she developed her human
side more. Henry, now completely alone, realizes that Pike meant
something to him. Henry, while employed as a bookkeeper for a
lace factory, was discovered to be an embezzler. Her "uncle" runs
the agency and she quickly removes the earrings as he praises her
night's work. Her Junior League chapter's annual project is to
volunteer at Hope House, an AIDS hospice that recently opened in
her home town of Azalea Springs, Texas. Her acceptance of a non-
local begins to cause friction between her and many of the young
men in her surfing social circle. Her accountant goes to prison
and advises her to keep a journal of all of her expenses as she
is sure to be audited. Her approach is to establish a
relationship with the man to build his confidence and transfer
his attachment from his parents to her. Her attempts to get Will
alone for a conversation fail. Her aunt Lucy (Jessie Ralph) is
the housekeeper for a wealthy family, so while her employers are
away, she borrows their home to host a dinner. Her best friend is
Nanda, a little girl who lives in a beautiful home in Tijuca
Forest, about to be evicted because the father is unemployed. Her
black and white appearance however attracts the attention of Pepé
Le Pew, who, after some flirting, receives a mauling. Her boss
orders Christy to go to Los Angeles to inform Peter Ulysses
Lockwood (MacMurray) of an inheritance of 28,000,000 pesos
($2,000,000) that a deceased uncle has bequeathed him and obtain
the necessary legal documents. Her boss, upon learning that her
brother cheated on his girlfriend again with Jenn, angrily asks
her to take a leave of absence from the yoga studio. Her
boyfriend Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) proposes to her before
leaving for Sicily to be with his dying mother; she accepts, but
is insistent that they carefully follow tradition as she believes
her first marriage was cursed by her failure to do so, resulting
in her husband's death. Her boyfriend Rick (Zachary Quinto)
breaks up with her when she asks him to attend her sister Daisy's
(Ari Graynor) upcoming wedding, and she then gets laid off from
her job. Her boyfriend, Frederick (Fred Amata), is too busy with
other parts of his life to give her the attention and affection
she needs, and she is distracted at work. Her brother Jordan
(Kevin Pollak), already married, starts an affair with his
business partner's wife, due to the missing passion between him
and his wife, after giving birth to their first child, her mother
(Mia Farrow) is growing concerned about Gwyn's being the last
single person in the family, despite being the one also in an
affair with her mother's and Gwyn's grandmother's nurse, Antonio,
due the constant arguments between her and her father, including
the fact that he also had an affair with an insane real estate
agent. Her brother and friend also help to keep tabs on her
throughout the experiment. Her brothers are then chased out of
town. Her cab hits Robin, who has purposely jumped on the
windshield to get a cab for Meg, who is in labor. Her carefree
sexually liberated lifestyle ultimately comes to an end when her
three male suitors meet and compare notes on Nola. Her children
pool their money together and buy her a new dress to wear on the
date. Her children welcome her home, and so does Nick. Her co-
worker Vince (Vince Vieluf) brings his new girlfriend to the
funeral home. Her colleagues question her unrelenting devotion to
such a monster and when Laida continues to proves her loyalty to
Miggy, gossip regarding her feelings for the boss starts to
circulate. Her conservative father Rajeev (Anupam Kher) is
unhappy that she is so eager to forsake her own culture for
another, but will be pleased when she goes through with her
arranged marriage to wealthy but childishly dull Vikram. Her
cousin, an author of love stories set in the South Seas, invites
a resident fortune teller to predict Gail's future. Her daily
life is extremely hectic, as she finds a balance between high
school, running, romance, sports, and parental pressure while
realizing her own priorities. Her date with Gabriel essentially
becomes a one night stand when she realizes he isn't what she
wants in life. Her daughter Emily (Khail Bryant) overhears her
mother say that she wished for a compliment from a man, and the
daughter tells the local mall's Santa Claus about her mother's
wish. Her daughter, Pam, also has great acting skills and hopes
to be a successful actress as well. Her director Jimmy Hart
(Victor Jory) follows them aboard the super-speed train the
"Streamline Express". Her doctor gives her a sedative to calm her
and help her sleep, but she secretly leaves her country's
embassy. Her doctor, Dr Marvin Elias, encourages her to fight.
Her dressing gown gets caught in a branch. Her dressmaker, Madame
Amanda, gives her more clothes (and sends the bill to Bruno). Her
economic condition is meager, but she makes do with what she has.
Her efforts are opposed by woman-hating professor Hubert Dash
(Edward Everett Horton) and his secretary George Jones (George
Burns), who don't want to see their beloved college fall into the
hands of an empty-headed nit-wit like Gracie. Her efforts to
correct the mistake lose some of their forcefulness when she is
subsequently introduced to handsome Andrew James Barrington, Jr.
Her efforts to help him overcome his urges prove futile. Her
employees move on to other jobs; as Christina goes job hunting,
George gets a job at the children's department at a Fox Books
store and Birdie retires. Her essay on her mother gets an A+. Her
family approves of her fiance, but she is not so sure about him.
Her family expects her to be more like her 33-year-old sister
Athena (Stavroula Logothettis) and marry a Greek boy, make Greek
babies, and "feed everyone until the day she dies". Her family
storms Henry's apartment and demands he make an honest woman of
her, and he willingly agrees to marry Toni. Her father (James
Neill) turns down Will's offer to buy them a luxurious twelve-
room apartment in a much better neighborhood, and the rest of the
family supports his decision. Her father Simon (David Keith), a
second-generation restaurateur, disapproves of Terri's plans,
stating that being a singer may not be a worthwhile life choice.
Her father claims later as if he had fooled Sunny big time,
though is later arrested when the police claims that the family
living there had a stay order, and that he entered there with no
permission. Her father forgives her and provides her with the
money. Her father is Doc Dedham, whom she has never met, but who
now has inherited a large block of stock in the family company,
making him the majority stockholder. Her father is trying to
write a book about diet and is testing it on rabbits. Her father
keeps interrupting her and tells her how much he loves who she is
and how he knows Vince will be a great husband. Her father
neither encourages nor endorses the courtship. Her father tells
her he may have taken it to Goodwill. Her father then reveals
that his wedding with her mother, which Mary had always seen as
the perfect marriage, was actually arranged and only became a
loving relationship months later, leaving Mary feeling very
confused. Her father turns out to be mr Tyson. Her father was an
engineer, and moved frequently with his family throughout the
West. Her father, Asa, tells her he disapproves because of the
age difference but Simon suspects he merely envies his
professional success. Her father, Durgeshwara Azhagusundaram
(Sathyaraj) is a powerful headman of the local mafia in Tamil
Nadu. Her father, Harry (Aykroyd), has since married Shelly
DeVoto (Curtis), whom he dated in the first film; and they are
expecting a baby. Her fear of commitment grows as she learns of
the various affairs that her family is having. Her feelings for
him are apparent. Her first attempt ends badly. Her first day at
South Glen South High School is miserable. Her first performance
is unusually successful, although Miss Lily irritates Billy by
not sticking to the script. Her first position is at a small,
seedy California commuter airline called Sierra, where she works
with Sherry, a senior attendant, and also gets an intern herself,
named Christine. Her former friends Tania, Nicole and Janine shun
Muriel because they see her as a directionless no-hoper, as well
as due to embarrassment over her past awkward antics. Her former
friends aren't doing much better: Annie (Diane Keaton),
meanwhile, is separated, suffering extreme self-esteem issues,
and going through therapy with her husband. Her friend Sammy Gray
is gay; he remains celibate, not because of a fear of AIDS, but
because forming a relationship would force him to come out to his
conservative parents. Her friend recommends a job choice as a
chalet girl, working in the Alps for rich clients. Her friends
Gertrude and Bert are the hosts and attempting to fix her up. Her
friends are essentially her surrogate family in London. Her
friends convince her to also lose her virginity before he gets
back. Her friends, especially Eden, have encouraged her to try it
again. Her goal is apparently to take revenge on her egocentric
musician ex-boyfriend Ben Wheatley (Scott Porter) during
Bandslam. Her grandfather and his lodge friends then try a
strange séance ritual to send her back to 1985. Her grudge is
soon forgotten, however, when Rodney publishes the pictures he
took of Izzy and posts them on flyers all over the school, making
Izzy a laughingstock. Her honesty and sincerity have inspired the
Prince to finally show sincere love to his son. Her husband Ian
(John Corbett), is now the principal at the school their daughter
Paris (Elena Kampouris) attends, and Paris is preparing to leave
for college. Her husband Nick (Dean Martin) has remarried; he and
his new wife, Bianca (Cyd Charisse), are on their honeymoon when
Ellen, rescued from an island where she has been stranded for
five years, returns home. Her husband, Hubert, pleads with her to
leave with him, asking how she knows she is in love. Her husband,
Nick Arden (James Garner), was one of the survivors. Her husband,
Sir Jasper Standish (Ernest Torrence) arrives from a trip to find
her dressed elegantly as if expecting a caller. Her husband, Tom
gave up a lucrative job in advertising to take care of their
young daughter. Her ideals are challenged when her man, an
attorney, named Keith Fenton (Morris Chestnut), threatens to
stray. Her increasing bitterness, boredom, and jealousy cause the
couple to argue. Her ingenuousness and beauty charms Andrés
(Carlos Hipólito), a humble Spanish vendor of religious items
from Murcia, who is staying with her family after he came to
Paris to meet "easy" French women. Her instructions include
wearing Parisian negligee and finding another lover. Her jealous
police officer husband, Lou Fimple, sees her reading it. Her
kindness backfires on her when Breezy is more attracted to Iris.
Her last boyfriend, Mike (Kennedy), is saddened and distressed
when Ashley gets Britney to break up with him for her. Her life
changes dramatically when her father loses his job, and the
family must relocate to the disadvantaged city, Crenshaw Heights,
which Britney, being the "White Girl", takes quite a while to
adjust to. Her life has come to a standstill until Pete turns up
one day. Her lifelong ambition, that of appearing on network
television, begins to look like a distant dream. Her love, Barry
Drake can hand over the true "Czarina's Tears" necklace, Whitey
is proud of his master, and Dale and Barry have a lunch
engagement at the wedding license office. Her lucky pin continues
to prove itself useful when she manages to pick a very profitable
stock at one of the city's reputable investment corporations:
Hendrick Courtney, Sr. Her magazine's story, "Blabbermouth
Goodwin," results in a Senate inquiry into his behavior. Her
managing editor Augustus "Gus" Strauss (John Reilly) loses
patience with Josie after a rival paper scoops The Court story,
and orders Josie to become friends with the popular kids. Her mom
can't argue with that so they start to pack. Her mom had died
when she was in elementary school. Her mom is shocked, enough so
she needs a Valium. Her mom shows him a video of a younger Sa5m
performing "Everything I Own", leading Sa5m to be outraged and
order Will to leave. Her mother (Norma Aleandro), deceived by
Paula into thinking that she is still with her boyfriend, arrives
from Spain in order to meet him and be at the birth. Her mother
Suky (Maria Bello) was a neurotic mother with an obsessive
fixation on her daughter's looks. Her mother Vera is determined
to avoid public humiliation and to see her matchmaking scheme
completed. Her mother arrives with a birthday cake and Georgina
accidentally squirts the sperm on the cake. Her mother comforts
her by telling her that she too had an abortion before Donna was
conceived. Her mother died after giving birth at the age of 24,
her older brother died of bangungot at age 21, her maternal aunt
disappeared during Martial Law at 23, her grandmother died during
World War II at age 20, her great grandmother is said that she
died of drowning at age 18, her greatest grandmother died of
malaria at age 22, he ancestor was devoured by a dinosaur at age
19. Her mother had invited an IBM executive in hopes of setting
him up with Jessica. Her mother is an overconfident, doting woman
who is constantly trying to marry Bridget off to a rich, handsome
man; and her father is considerably more down-to-earth, though he
is sometimes driven into uncharacteristically unstable states of
mind by his wife. Her mother is humiliated and wants to stay, but
Holly tells her to leave this once for Holly. Her mother reminds
Jessica of when she was little and had been given the lead in the
school play, but after the first rehearsal, Jessica had deemed
her co-star not to be up to the task. Her mother reveals that she
made multiple attempts to take Jackie with her, however her
father prevented any previous contact. Her mother says that she
worries about Jessica having this attitude towards life, and that
sometimes she thinks back to that night and thinks that if
Jessica went on, maybe it wouldn't have been the best, but it
might have been pretty good&mdash;and who knows, maybe it would
have been the best ever. Her mother starts to object but her
stepfather tells Lauren to go ahead. Her mother wants Heather to
be a singing star. Her mother's theory that a wife must support
her husband in his career comes into play when the author marries
a friend of her brother ("Bob") who soon admits that his dream is
to leave his current office job and start a chicken ranch. Her
mother, Lydia (Allison Janney), is now always alone while her
sister, Ashley, is so overwhelmed by her upcoming wedding with
Lewis Warsher that she barely exists in the house. Her mother, a
Kappa Sorority member, died when Sydney was still young. Her
mother, upset at this change of direction in her life, refuses to
watch her skate. Her mother-in-law is less than pleased to see
her, but Julia manages to see Susan, who insists she stay. Her
neighbor, Harley Rummel, a bohemian who earns a living by making
nudie films in his apartment, becomes interested in her, but
Michele believes her boss, wealthy psychologist Phillip Brock, is
a better prospect as a new mate. Her nemesis is the highly
ambitious Winnie Harper (Marcy Rylan). Her new client,
wheelchair-using hotel guest Allen Macklyn is immediately
attracted to her and becomes her confidant. Her niece played by
Isabella Leong, a writer, has travelled to Tibet to find out what
happened to Qiushui. Her only close friend is the fiery Roz (Tyne
Daly), though she also gets along with Roz's granddaughter. Her
only contact with the male bird is during conception. Her only
friend is her roommate Robin (Nikki Barnett) who she smothers
with advice. Her only interest lies within photography, and she
hopes that she can one day move to New York to study and escape
her complicated life. Her other best friend, Miranda, has chosen
to skip the graduation ceremony in favor of a trip to Mexico City
to visit relatives. Her outraged father promises to denounce the
candidate in all his newspapers. Her parents and acquaintances
always try to give her advice. Her parents are now divorced and
her father, Len Martin (Peter Gallagher), a radio talk show host,
has a new young girlfriend that the entire family despises. Her
parents assure her that all marriages have problems, and her
friend Carlisle tells her that Ben may just want someone who
relies on him, allowing her to forgive Ben more easily. Her
parents decide to set her up on a blind date. Her parents do not
take to Gyeon-woo and on leaving, he overhears an impassioned
argument between the girl and her mother over her relationship
with him. Her parents embarrass her by running screaming through
the garden. Her parents eventually discoverer that Jess has been
playing football behind their backs, Jess's parents (Anupam Kher
and Shaheen Khan) become more strict and forbid Jess from playing
any more matches. Her parents find her there, and they hug. Her
parents' story of how they met from her childhood turns out to be
false: Saul got stood up by his date that night and Beebee
thought that he was interested in her. Her parents, Eddie and
Rose, have always dreamed of the day their middle daughter get
married and are overjoyed when they find out that she is engaged,
but not to whom they expected as she plans to wed a woman. Her
partner Warren (Laird Cregar) meets her at the department store,
and reports that her "daughter" (a partner in their schemes) has
run away to get married. Her path is strewn with a number of
conquests, including an enamored highwayman, a lord and some
others who hang on her every word. Her perfect world, however, is
rocked when she’s called in for an emergency parent-teacher
conference and learns that her son has been acting up, needs to
be ‘tested,’ and is on the brink of expulsion. Her picture is
published on the front page of the newspaper. Her pictures and
trophies are everywhere in the small town. Her plan does not
work, so Delilah tries to split them up by hiring Sally’s beau
Freddie Bilson (Marshall Thompson) as a waiter and letting him
stay above their garage. Her plan goes to waste when Sally
overhears that Peter is the winner of $40,000 in a lottery. Her
plan seemingly works when Amber Lee throws a tantrum and shows
her true colors to the audience, including her fan club. Her plan
succeeds and she and Philip get married. Her plot is to ruin
Goodwin's reputation as a squeaky-clean, red-blooded American
hero. Her publisher, Alexander Yardley (Sydney Greenstreet), is
unaware of the charade and insists that Elizabeth host a
Christmas dinner for returning war hero Jefferson Jones (Dennis
Morgan), who read all of her recipes while in the hospital, and
is so fond of her that his nurse wrote a letter to the publisher.
Her regular patrons are taken aback when they discover the
whorehouse closed without explanation that Saturday night. Her
relationship with Vronsky is under increasing strain, because he
can move freely in Russian society while she remains excluded.
Her roommates, who just want her to move out, invite her to a
party at a club. Her screams awake the Burtons, and they are
finally admitted to the inside of the residence, but not before
paying the taxi driver $17. Her sexy looks have every man in the
vicinity fall for her good looks. Her sister Cammy is an "Indiana
Jones" styled botanist in search of a very rare lotus flower. Her
sister is having an affair with Ed's friend Lou. Her situation
worsens further when her show is unexpectedly cancelled. Her son
Calvin has been mute since the death of his father five years
prior. Her sons Horton and Chipper and daughter Doreen are
concerned that Margaret and Marvin seem to be spending more time
together than might be expected for a doctor/patient
relationship. Her star player, Darren Roanoke, the Tiger Woods of
Hockey, has been playing poorly ever since his wife Prudence left
him for a well endowed French Canadian, Jacques "Lè Cocq" Grandè,
who plays for the rival Los Angeles Kings. Her stepfather, Steven
Spielberg, directed Edward Burns in  Saving Private Ryan. Her
stepsister, though plain, is charming and intelligent. Her
surfing boyfriend Frankie becomes jealous and begins flirting
with Ava, a Hungarian waitress. Her teammates, including Duke,
initially dislike "Sebastian" due to his awkward and strange
behavior. Her three sons also enjoy the attention Key gives all
of them. Her travel agency and the family dry cleaners are closed
due to the recession, and the only business still open is the
restaurant that Gus (Michael Constantine), her father, owns. Her
uncle General Boxer Bridgenorth, will give her away, as he has
all her sisters. Her uncle wants Peter to stop experimenting with
tomatoes and offers him a deal to come to work with him in the
advertising business. Her unselfish desire allows her to succeed
and refuse his proposal. Her work consisted of "sculpting" Adam
into a more attractive human being. Herb Stone completes the love
triangle by pursuing Maggie as well. Herb decides against
starting a new relationship with Vivian until Charlie reminds
that Susie was his sister, long before she was Herb's wife,
emphasizing that Susie would never want Herb to spend the rest of
his life completely alone and unhappy. Herb doesn't know that
Vivian is broke and he came on board this ship, to land a rich
man. Herb is now dating Vivan now. Herb: "Ah, but she is not here
now, is she Charlie. Herbie pulls Jim back to safety, but then is
impounded by the San Francisco Police Department. Herbie's
girlfriend, an attractive flower power hippie girl named Nancy,
(Leigh Taylor-Young), takes a liking to Harold and makes him pot
brownies. Here she meets the lively Kiko (Daniel Padilla), who
helps her retrieve her mobile phone from a thief. Here the color
is dim, there are no stars, and no one can smile. Here we meet
Irene (Bridget Fonda), Dashiell's girlfriend. Here, Duchess's
loyalty to Madame prompts her to decline O'Malley's proposal of
marriage. Here, Rugen gravely tortures and weakens Westley with
his horribly painful life-sucking invention, The Machine, to
obtain first-hand information for completing his definitive book
on pain along with appeasing Humperdinck's annoyance that
Buttercup does and always will prefer Westley to him. Here, after
a difficult start, the two end up falling again for each other
and begin planning to make their partners do so as well, so that
they can end their current relationships and start a new life
together. Hereafter, she claims that Briones has left her and
that she is planning on returning to the United States. Herk
enjoys the party and flirts with both Bess and Midge, using
period slang terms, in stark contrast to the actual students.
Herk raises the eyebrows of the professors with his uncultured
speech and lack of respect for the academic environment. Herman
is very uncomfortable around priests, but is eventually won over
by Lorne's enthusiasm for physics. Herman undergoes a sort of
epiphany when Lorne provides him with an equation that isn't
supposed to exist. Herman, meanwhile, is being pestered by the
town priest Lorne Granger. Hermia and Lysander have escaped to
the same forest in hopes of eloping. Hermia is at a loss to see
why her lover has abandoned her, and accuses Helena of stealing
Lysander away from her. Hesus Resurreccion (Vhong Navarro) is
about to find out that he is The One but he is afraid of ghosts.
Hesus has no choice but to fulfill his mission as The One. Hey.
He’s not able to end his devoid marriage, which could be
perceived as proof that a constrained life is no life at all.
Hicks offers to help Deuce make enough money to buy a new fish
tank, and convinces Deuce to take over the absent Antoine's role
as a gigolo. Hidden behind her mask and wrapped in an alluring
gown that reveals more than it covers, Angela will find her
errant husband at the ball and teach him a lesson. Hiding from
her husband, Payne assumes the rather vague Miss Dillwood is a
penniless country girl come to the city, who has descended to
sleeping with married men to get by. Higgins awakens the next
morning to find that, without Eliza, he has tea instead of
coffee, and cannot find his own files. Higgins claims he treated
her the same way that Pickering did because both Higgins and
Pickering treat all women alike. Higgins completely ignores Eliza
until he mislays his slippers. Higgins flippantly recommends
Doolittle to an American millionaire who has written to Higgins
seeking a lecturer on moral values. Higgins is impressed by the
man's natural gift for language and brazen lack of moral values.
Higgins is struck by Eliza's spirit and independence and wants
her to stay with him, but she tells him that he will not see her
again. Higgins seeks his mother's advice and finds Eliza having
tea with her. Higgins sees himself as a kindhearted, patient man
who cannot get along with women ("I'm an Ordinary Man"). Higgins"
admits that she's not really married. Higgins's mother leaves
Higgins and Eliza together. Higgins, Eliza, and Pickering happily
dance around Higgins's study ("The Rain in Spain"). High school
senior Andie Walsh lives on modestly with her underemployed
working class father, Jack. High school senior Walter Gibson
(John Cusack) and his best friend Lance (Anthony Edwards) are
celebrating the fact they are moving on to college, but all
Walter can do is lament the fact that he has lost his touch with
women. High school sophomore Samantha "Sam" Baker (Molly
Ringwald) struggles to get through the day on her 16th birthday,
which her entire family has forgotten about because her older
sister, Ginny (Blanche Baker), is getting married the next day.
High school student Starla Grady is the popular head cheerleader
and pageant queen of the small town of Splendora, Texas. High
schooler Charlie drops in on his crush, Lauren, at the holiday
store she works&mdash;finally making a move and sharing a kiss
with her. High-powered divorce attorneys Audrey Woods (Julianne
Moore) and Daniel Rafferty (Pierce Brosnan) have seen love go
wrong in many scenarios—so, how good could their own chances be.
High-profile heiress Diane North (Wendy Barrie) stows away in the
trailer of a bacteriologist dr Lawrence "Larry" Smith (Gene
Raymond) to escape from her own wedding. Highlighting her
"passive aggressiveness," Michael follows and begs her to stay
with him. Hilda accepts the challenge and they decide to bet the
outcome of the race -- the one who has bet on the winning horse
gets to be with Steve. Hilton pursues a young priest to the
bathroom; he hits his head and becomes a religious zealot trying
to suppress the gay activities. Hippolyte, not having seen Nestor
change his clothes, sees "Lord X"'s clothes floating in the
water, and concludes Nestor murdered him. Hired as temporary help
for the Christmas season, she receives her dismissal notice as
the season comes to a close. His "widow" had already taken up
with his crooked business manager, so he can now divorce her and
be reunited with the Girl. His 15-year-old son Kyle (Daryl
Sabara) is a pornography-obsessed underachiever who despises and
is annoyed by everyone, especially his father. His 19-year-old
sister is home from college for the holidays. His academic
delinquency puts him on academic probation. His advice proves to
be the most helpful, when Beth (Elizabeth Banks), a bookstore
clerk, takes a liking to Andy. His agent suggests he write a
biography on his estranged friend, Lance, who is set to retire
from football. His agent, Lorne Daniels (Kevin Pollak), is
unsuccessful at finding him a new team, and cuts Jamal as a
client. His agent, Max Archer, tries to get him a new contract,
but young Wilbur, son of the orchestra's patron saint, insists to
Victor's horror that any agreement must include a performance of
his mother's favorite piece of music, John Philip Sousa's Stars
and Stripes Forever. His antics lead him to believe that he owes
$20,000 to the head of the Japanese Yakuza. His arm is in a cast
and his face beat up. His art teacher tells him he wants only one
project, but that it must be honest and real. His attempt to get
close to Alison Bradbury (Daphne Zuniga) from his English class
by tricking her into tutoring him only results in his angering
and alienating her. His attempts at interference land him in
jail, too drunk to remember the spell to turn Wallace into a
frog. His attempts, though, cause Cam to become convinced he's
stalking her and she breaks up with him. His attorney, Phillip,
suspects Vivian is a corporate spy, and Edward tells him how they
truly met. His aunt tells him of the feud, but he decides to
return to his Southern birthplace anyway to claim his
inheritance. His bachelor pad is a holy temple of seduction:
blood-red walls, African sculptures, a well-stocked cocktail bar,
a switch-operated fireplace, and mechanized violins that play
romantic music at the touch of a button. His beautiful post-
modern home is the setting for much of the movie. His best friend
and agent, Todd Doherty, creates a TV show called I Want to Marry
Ryan Banks in hopes of saving Banks's faltering career. His best
friend and roommateJ. His best friend since third grade, Carl
(Brendan Hines) works a corporate job at his British fiancee's
family's company. His best friend, Leo Wiggins (Downey), thinks
he should hold out for the best offer. His bodyguard, Sergei,
tells him it is time to face reality and quits. His bolshie
servant Ash is helping at the party, wearing an ill-fitting coat
and trying to keep his trousers up while doing his work at the
party. His boss Charlie is sympathetic and assures David that he
will personally smooth things over with Woolridge, so David can
take time to be with his father. His boss Phillip has also given
him the job of researching how to diplomatically lay off people
at their company. His boss is not certain about Hal dating his
daughter, thinking that Hal may be trying to climb to the top of
the corporate ladder. His boss takes advantage of his disability
and manipulates him into having sex with her. His boss, Dan (Bob
Odenkirk) tells him that he will be letting go of one of his
clerks and informs Sutter that he wants him to work at the store,
but Sutter must promise never to become intoxicated again. His
brother Kevin, a tabloid news cameraman, goes along with this
fantasy, believing that it's Darryl's way to cope with the murder
of his grandmother. His business manager (Eddie Albert) has a
female throat specialist Pamela Taylor, played by Kathryn
Harrold, look Fini over. His butler (Robert Greig) and valet
(Eric Blore) openly question the wisdom of his plan. His car had
broken down; when he got out, it rolled off a cliff. His caring
sister Lizzie Potts (Long), a nosy romance novelist, responds to
his sadness by trying to set him up with a suitable woman. His
cashier girlfriend of seven years, Roz, befriends the potential
buyer of the painting, Evan Marsh, on an island. His cause picks
up steam and eventually spreads nationwide in a "no gays for a
day" movement. His character quickly becomes a television
sensation. His charming way with children and music enables him
to find homes for even the most troubled kids. His children have
been cared for by their maternal grandmother Kat Jackson for
years, but she dies of lung cancer. His close friend and employee
ex-General Henry Barclay (Roger Livesey) has the same kind of
problem with his son. His coach, Wayne Hisler (Gleason), who he
really can't stand, even tries to sell him out by striking a deal
with one of the interested colleges to become their next head
coach. His company's demand volume is too much for their man-
power thus making some workers unhappy which leads to a labor
strike. His conscience compelling him, Fezzik throws a rock as a
warning and challenges the man to a wrestling match. His
conviction is confirmed when an old school friend, Lord Mere
(Ralph Richardson), arrives and asks Everard to represent him in
a divorce case against his wife, Lady Claire (Binnie Barnes). His
daily comic, named "Hum Tum," explores the battle of
stereotypical male/female behavior. His daily exploits are
followed and encouraged by the friendly concierge at his
building. His daughter Nicole (Audrey Hepburn) disapproves of his
forgeries and is afraid that he may get caught. His daughter,
Baroness Katrina Marissey, however, considers Johann a traitor
and treats him very coldly. His daughter, Kitty Wonder, hires a
newcomer, Sam Rawlins, as both a performer and tent hand. His
daughters greet him and Julia at the auto shop that now bears his
name. His defense attorney, Bob Diamond (Rip Torn), explains to
Daniel that people from Earth use so little of their brains (only
three to five percent) that they spend most of their lives
functioning on the basis of their fears. His despair turns to
elation and he forgets about the flower. His dissatisfaction with
the world and a family tragedy have led him to sink into
alcoholism, so that Omar has to be his caregiver. His distrust is
reinforced when he learns that the checks sent to Amelia have
been cashed—he doesn't know that her friend Dusty "borrowed" the
money. His doctor learns of the love triangle, tells Tomás to
choose only one woman, prescribes tranquilizers and advises
against driving, alcohol and women. His dream shattered, Jim
takes the job offer in Bolivia. His dreams for writing a best-
selling trash novel are shot down by his co-workers. His efforts
lead to a series of communication failures. His ego swells as
frat boys and comely co-eds alike bide for his time. His
encouragements to join him and a couple of young ladies for a few
laughs fall on deaf ears. His epiphany jolts him back to his
wealthy former life on Christmas Day. His ex-teammates
(especially Michelle) are initially still furious at him, but end
up accepting Jamal's genuine apology, which also inspires the
team to win the playoffs and eventually the championship. His ex-
wife, Jennifer, disrupts the service, demands her daughters live
with her and sues for full custody of them. His existential
crisis leads to unsatisfying experiments with religious
conversion to Catholicism and an interest in Krishna
Consciousness. His experiment is publicized by the studio as a
huge success. His face shows contempt when she says that she too
wants to win. His fairy godparents, Cosmo and Wanda, scheme to
repel Tootie, afraid that he is finally growing up and may no
longer need them. His fans then turn on him and he runs out right
into Thorne, who threatens to expel Scott from school. His father
(Michael Tucker), who regularly gave him a beating, kept his
occupation secret. His father Earl is an unloving meatpacking
foreman who gives him veal for Christmas and yells at him when he
objects. His father Harold confronts him and reveals he too is a
werewolf, and that he'd hoped Scott wouldn't inherit the curse
because "sometimes it skips a generation". His father Kenneth
(David Reivers), a golden glove champion and widower, coaches him
and encourages him to do his best, while his sassy eight-year-old
sister, Karin, is much more interested in Double Dutch. His
father calls to inform him that he has the ring. His father
convinces him that the key to being a great writer is to be a
great drinker, and encourages him to go find a bar and get drunk.
His father decides it's time he grew up and moved out of the
family home in Great Neck and into his own Manhattan apartment.
His father goes to his room the following day to leave the prize
he had received when he won the Golden Gloves, and finds a pair
of Rodney's flyers in the trash can. His father had recently hit
it big at the race track and owed Vince some money. His father is
particularly disappointed in him, having sent him to Cambridge.
His father is well aware of David's playboy nature. His father
left them when he was just four, and every Christmas, his mother
would work a double shift at the diner to make extra money. His
father needs to be driven to an eye doctor. His father says that
his only regret is not seeing the woman his son would marry. His
father steps in and helps resolve the issue but Miggy has to set
expectations to the clients affected by the strike. His father
tells him not to mention that to his mother. His father wants him
to attend Princeton University, his alma mater, so Joel
participates in Future Enterprisers, an extracurricular activity
in which students work in teams to create small businesses. His
father, Herman Linklater, is a physicist who believes that all
the universes mysteries will eventually be explained away. His
father, Hussein (known to the rest of the family as Papa), once a
famous left-wing British Pakistani journalist in Bombay, lives in
London but hates Britain's society and its international
politics. His father, honorable judge Hardy (Lewis Stone) learns
that Andy has been giving money for tuition to a fellow student,
a girl named Kathryn Land (Kathryn Grayson). His favorite
companion is a doll, in which he names Iago (after the character
in the Shakespeare classic Othello), with which he engages in
animated conversations. His feeble attempts at flirting go
nowhere, but when they have a stop-over in Amsterdam, she agrees
to explore the city with him. His fiancée, Natalie (Gabrielle
Union), fixes breakfast for him, noting his predictable routine.
His first contact is with his old partner, Steve Dorsey, who has
married a wealthy socialite, Nancy. His first encounter with her
is a complete failure, when she pointedly ignores his advance and
walks away from him. His first task is to hire a servant and he
mistakes Mimi for a native girl, offering her a job. His first
wedding is an upper-class wedding, where he falls in love with
the bride's sister. His first wife died eating poisoned
mushrooms, the second suffered a fractured skull because "she
wouldn't eat the mushrooms". His formidable opponent is Lena
Foster (Lee Grant). His four best friends—a comedian, a
songwriter, a singer and a baseball manager (none particularly
successful as yet)—accompany Charley on a drive to Las Vegas for
a final bachelor's fling. His frank, potentially offensive
remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his
campaign. His friend Dave helps him sort through his thoughts as
Wendell discovers not only whom he should be with but who he
truly is under all that neurosis. His friend Tad is a stroke on
the crew, president of the Kappa Psi Delta house and conductor of
the orchestra. His friend and partner-in-crime; 'Kokori Oshare'
(Okey Uzoeshi) works in the same media house and is equally as
'notorious' as Alan. His friend craves to meet the star and even
tries to prepare for that by torturing himself with a "slim
belt". His friend, Charlie (David Allen Grier), organizes a blind
date for him at a restaurant. His friend, Dewey Gilson (Allen
Jenkins), has taken too long getting Rene's suit from the pawn
shop. His friend, Mr Darcy, is reputed to be twice as wealthy;
however, he is haughty and aloof. His friends arrives and
encourage Andy to go back to Trish. His girlfriend, Georgia
(Thurman), wants him to go to State with her and get a solid
education. His good friends Lester and Lily Marton have written a
stage show that they believe is perfect for his comeback. His
grandmother tells Rahul that his grandfather wanted his ashes to
be divided into two partsone of each to be immersed in the Ganges
and Rameswaram. His guardian angel (played by Diane Flacks) does
not approve of his philandering and confronts him while he has
sex with his 390th woman, telling him that if he sleeps with
another woman, he'll die. His gun falls into her hand and she
shoots Whitman. His hero and mentor at the resort is the reigning
Gin rummy card game champ, Phil Brody (Crenna). His identity is
discovered by his valet, Vanya (Felix Bressart), who blackmails
Mac into promising to get his daughter, a streetcar conductor
named Theodore (Hedy Lamarr), out of the country. His imagination
then runs even wilder: the young woman tells a plumber (Victor
Moore) how Richard is "just like The Creature from the Black
Lagoon"; the plumber repeats her story to neighbor McKenzie, whom
Helen had asked to drop by to pick up Ricky's paddle. His
interests are polo and partying. His irate wife, searching for
Adrian, soon puts matters right. His job is complicated by the
fact that the eccentric director of the film, Hal Weidmann
(Christopher Walken), refuses to show him a cut of the film and
demands the first viewing take place at a press junket. His job
is to ride with Kurt in the herding car, carrying a rifle in case
an animal attacks. His late-night wanderings annoy Inez, and
arouse the suspicion of her father, who hires a private detective
to follow him. His latest scheme to bring in customers involves
promising to reveal the identity of the father (allegedly one of
the local town's residents) of his hot-tempered girlfriend,
"hootch dancer" Teresita (Lupe Vélez), at that night's
performance. His latest target is Millicent "Milly" Mehaffey
(Hope Lange), newly arrived on the Riviera. His letter of
introduction to Monsieur de Tréville, the commander of the
Musketeers, is also stolen. His life can now be meaningfully and
truthfully oriented toward righteousness. His main competition
arrives in the form of Count Elmo Mancini (Cesare Danova), who
attempts to win both the Grand Prix and the affections of Rusty.
His main donor, however, abruptly ends his relationship with the
school and Julian: he has been made aware of Candace's past and
will not risk his reputation as a man of high morals. His main
focus is to reconcile with his estranged wife, Nikki (Brea Bee).
His manager doesn't want this because he is afraid of Tony losing
female fans so he takes up a 300 thousand dollar insurance policy
if Tony does in fact wed. His manager tells him he is to be
replaced by a robot. His marriage is not what it should be, and
he has a gambling addiction. His mission is to supervise the
building of bomber aircraft for the war. His mistress, Magda
Tellman, is married to a man who begins to stalk and harass Roxy,
thinking her responsible for his wife's desertion. His mixed up
thoughts include musings about suicide: "The worst thing about
AIDS as a method of suicide is that it takes so long to die from
it". His mother (Beryl Mercer) and the family servant (Maude
Eburne) are delighted to see him, but his father (C. His mother
(Julie Kavner) always listened to Breakfast with Irene and Roger.
His mother and his girlfriend, Mildred, are consoling him as a
somber official and priest show up. His mother died when he was
in college. His mother has been hospitalized in a mental
institution in the past. His mother is dating a truck driver
named Jerry, who sells a group of sailors a Chevy Nova that dies
soon after the sailors get it. His mother is forced to withdraw
her sponsorship of Twinky's wedding, due to her promise—but she
need not; Twinky's wedding has already taken place, well before
the planned date. His mother is invited on stage to be a part of
the magician's act. His mother is not happy about letting him go,
but acquiesces to her husband and arranges for Bernard to live in
a rooming house run by nosy, prudish Miss Nora Thing (Julie
Harris). His mother needs help moving to a new apartment. His
mother, Eve, is a commercial artist. His mother, Francis (Frank)
is a widow and has very little social life. His mother, Jenny
Fields, is a strong-willed nurse who wants a child but not a
husband. His mother, Sarah Lee (Angela Lansbury), wants him to
follow in his father's footsteps and take over management at the
Great Southern Hawaiian Fruit Company, the family business, but
Chad is reluctant, so he goes to work as a tour guide at his
girlfriend's agency. His multiple relationships come to the
women's attention, and they conceive a plot to punish the
mechanic for his behavior. His name is Charles Maurey, but Sean
dubs him "Chips". His nerves are worsened when he's seated next
to Sarah (Bullock), a free-spirited drifter who begins to talk to
Ben immediately. His new Queen is a beautiful, but evil woman who
soon becomes jealous of Snow White's beauty. His new love is
leaving for America and he must find a way to cope with the new
reality. His new show will have him re-enact the kissing
incident, but on the day of the opening Monique's father has him
arrested, only be released when Yvonne, who turns out to be the
wife of the Minister of Justice, convinces him to allow Philippe
to do his performance, where Philippe learns that Monique has
taken the place of the actress with whom he was to re-enact the
kiss. His next mission is Eleanor. His niece and secretary, Judy
(Anna Neagle), has her doubts that Richard is the footman he
pretends to be. His old mentor offers him a job, while a formerly
sycophantic employee is in Jack's old position, with an
assertiveness he did not possess as a subordinate. His only
friend is Andrew, a fellow student who spends his evenings at the
Claytons' house trying to avoid his alcoholic mother. His only
obstacle is the 1892 firehouse inhabited by "Grandma" Steinmetz
(Helen Hayes), widow of its former owner, Fire Captain Steinmetz,
and aunt of mechanic Tennessee Steinmetz; her displaced neighbor,
flight attendant Nicole Harris (Stefanie Powers); and their
sentient machines: a 1963 Volkswagen Beetle known as Herbie, "the
Love Bug;" an early 19th-century orchestrion that plays on its
own; and a retired cable car from the defunct Clay Street Line,
known as "Old No. His only true friend and secretary, Rosa Lopez
(Lourdes Benedicto), does a good job at keeping his credit
problems under control. His opponent is to be Stella Stoker, a
fishmonger's daughter with a degree from the London School of
Economics who has been chosen to stand for the Labour Party. His
parents are unaware of the fact that Andy is looking to get back
with his college sweetheart Kay (Bonita Granville). His parents
died in a car accident when he was eight years old, so his
grandparents raised him. His parents don't approve of this plan
and decide to follow him to Wainwright - to keep an eye on him
and keep him away from his sweetheart. His parents have wrongly
concluded he's spending nights with Amy, but when they discover
Amy hasn't seen him, his father sends Raef to find him, leading
to Raef and Barbara becoming engaged and Barbara throwing Bernard
out of her apartment. His parents take it quite well and everyone
ends up in a bizarre group hug. His party is shut down thanks in
part to the neighbors calling the police. His passionate and
erudite defense of those things in which he believes, in contrast
to his earlier passive behavior, galvanizes the press and his
staff. His patience is finally rewarded when he is joined by
another figure in black. His plan backfires. His plan fails
though. His plan is disrupted when Pam's younger sister, Debbie,
becomes engaged and he finds out that Debbie's fiance, dr Robert
"Bob" Banks had asked Pam's father for permission before
proposing. His plans for the future change and he becomes
responsible for his 10‑year-old brother, Lucas (Eduardo Melo).
His plays are now immensely successful. His plea is seemingly
answered by a suave angel named Dudley (Cary Grant), who reveals
his identity only to the clergyman. His poker buddies are
envious, but his fiancee, art teacher Melissa, isn't happy in the
least. His popular but narcissistic girlfriend, Taylor Vaughan
(Jodi Lyn O'Keefe), ditches him for a faded reality TV star from
The Real World, Brock Hudson (Matthew Lillard), whom she met on
spring break in Florida. His position at work is tenuous as he
departs for London to attend his daughter Susan's wedding. His
presence creates chaos in the girls humble Fulham home. His
problems began in High School when he didn't ask his first
girlfriend to dance because she was on crutches, and this
provided the opportunity for her ex-boyfriend to reignite her
passion. His psychoanalyst, dr Fritz Fassbender (Peter Sellers),
cannot help, since he's stalking patient Renée Lefebvre
(Capucine) who in turn longs for Michael. His punishment is to
spend just three days in jail, but when he is released, he
discovers that Monique has paid his fine, supposedly to avoid
more publicity, but actually because she is secretly attracted to
him. His pursuit of her turns into a blossoming romance that
forces Stella to take personal inventory of her life and try to
find a balance between her desire for love and companionship, and
her responsibilities as a mother and corporate executive. His
quick thinking helps calm a scared child getting ready for
surgery to remove his tonsils, promising ice cream which he
delivers after the surgery. His rationalizations for his work
only scare Debi even more; she rejects his attempts at
reconciliation and storms out. His real identity now revealed,
Kelp gives an impassioned speech, admitting his mistakes and
seeking forgiveness. His real purpose is to win her affections.
His recruitment is followed closely by a recruiting investigator
(Downey, Sr) who is trying to make sure everything is on the "up
and up". His relationships thereafter consisted of a series of
very short flings. His relationships with Julia (Loretta Young)
and their young daughter are strained by his focus on the
cathedral. His rocket-net is a success, catching over 500 of
them. His romance with Lynn ruined and his lifestyle destroyed,
Chris swallows his pride and moves back in with his father, still
unable to decide what to do with his life, but believing he
ultimately must accept the old values like his father has. His
roommate is the much more outgoing Rob, played by Patrick
McColley. His scheme is to maneuver Connie into being alone with
him when his wife shows up, so the suit will have to be dropped.
His schemes to make Baglipp take the policy ends up getting Tom
and Kitty into all kinds of trouble, including involvement with a
robbery. His second marriage was to a New York writer who didn't
like sports and was unable to reach orgasm. His second-in-
command, Leonid Kleist (Patrick Malahide) is against Pochenko's
"softening" strategy, and wants to crush the growing rebellion
among Slovetzia's youth. His selection is mostly due to the
influence of his uncle, Lord Wilcot a powerful local figure. His
situation is further complicated as Michelle is involved in a
romantic relationship with Rapper Romeo (Ginuwine) (who ends up
cheating on her) while Jamal (as Juwanna) is busy warding off the
amorous advances of Romeo's sidekick Puff Smokey Smoke (Tommy
Davidson). His skin has become magnetic and his mere touch makes
people being infatuated with him. His soul is "rescued" by 7013
(Edward Everett Horton), an officious angel who assumed that Joe
could not have survived. His speech is about his travels around
the world while in the Navy. His stepfamily knows of this secret
fortune and some go to great lengths to discover its whereabouts,
while others pretend to befriend him in order to wrangle Fella's
fortune away once it is found. His stepfamily takes over the
family mansion, while Fella is reduced to living in an unfinished
room at the end of a long hallway. His stepmother is happy that
he is all right and explains she has been worried sick and says
just because she is pregnant does not mean she does not love him
and that they are a family. His story is a love triangle
involving Jennifer (Natalia Cigliuti), Patrick (Jeremy London)
and Mark (Joey Lawrence). His superior (and manager of the team)
orders the inept Merle to distant Rotohan, a secure island
liberated some months before, ostensibly to relieve lt Billy Monk
(Jack Carter), who has been unable to capture a Japanese holdout
called Kobayashi suspected of pilfering military supplies. His
suspicions are reinforced when, in a bit of bad timing, Polly and
David each produce a different man whom they claim is the father.
His therapist, dr Rosenthal (Elliott Gould), gives him a writing
assignment: to write a page about someone who likes his rather
uninspiring dog, Scotty. His third round is also excellent and
moves him into contention, but on all three rounds, he refuses to
lay up on the par-5 18th hole, hitting the ball into the water
hazard each time. His time with Vivian has shown him a different
way of looking at life, and he suggests working together to save
the company rather than tearing it apart and selling off the
pieces. His two best friends Chuck and Earl, fellow boxers, tag
along to try to convince him to join them for the movies, as they
previously planned. His uncle imposes an odious requirement of
him: Alby will receive the investment money he needs but only if
he leaves his blond "shikse" Catholic girlfriend and gets married
to a "nice Jewish girl". His various schemes earn him money on
the way west, but after two escaped convicts rob them, Paula
becomes aware of Michael's bet and is disappointed in him. His
version of a good time doesn’t involve the exciting dance club
Maggie dances in for mr Fontaine. His voiceover states that he
tells kids that story all the time, but you would have had to be
there that day. His waning resolve to resist temptation fuels his
fear that he is succumbing to the "Seven Year Itch". His weak
attempts at portraying Prospero and Macbeth on stage at the
Kennedy Center in Washington,C, lead to poor reviews, sending
Axler into a profound depression and causing him to give up
acting and contemplate suicide with a shotgun he keeps in his
attic. His wealthy department store owner father Spear and
brother John are fearful of what damage he will do to their
reputations as staid, respected businessmen, remembering what
happened the last time. His widowed daughter, Jennifer Nelson,
occasionally helps by donning a mermaid costume and swimming
underneath his boat for the passengers' amusement. His wife
Debbie is not happy with the situation. His wife Dolly is a
harpist who acts on her husband's behalf, presenting his
impossible demands to the symphony's backers, only to then find
him dallying with a considerably younger musician. His wife and
children disagree with and suffer from Eddie's obsession with his
appearance, his wealthy yet cheap parents, and his brother who
dates a gold-digging soap opera star claiming to come from a good
family. His wife had told him that he should remarry after her
death, so he pursues some local spinsters who were at his
daughter's wedding after he and his housekeeper Minta (Lillian
Hall-Davis) make out a list of possibilities. His wife then tells
Abby that Maezumi and Shintaro, their son, have not spoken in 5
years since Shintaro left for France. His wife, Victoria, a
former ballerina, is unable to deal with Axler's depression and
moves to California, where their son lives. His wish is granted
by a guardian angel-like figure named Mike (Michael Caine), and
appears at various times as a bartender, a cab driver, and so on.
His words are humorously contradicted by flashbacks showing him
alongside his best friend Cosmo Brown (Donald O'Connor). His
writer's block dissipates and he quickly finishes his
masterpiece. His younger colleagues disrespect him, he is
estranged from his stepfather Philip (Bill Nighy), and his
girlfriend Liz is unhappy spending every date at his favourite
pub, the Winchester. Hitch takes her to a garage where she gets
"pimped out" and made slimmer. Hlynur's confusion over the whole
situation is expressed in his rather profound and imaginative
musings:   There they are. Hlynur's isolated world — no small
metaphor for his home country — is going along rather blissfully
ignorant of the greater joys involved with engaging in life until
his mother's friend Lola Milagros arrives to stay at the house
for a while. Hogan announces the news to a now jubilant audience.
Hogan is thrilled at the prospect of yet another beautiful tenant
to seduce, but is initially unaware that Robin's short-tempered,
frustrated, bumbling boyfriend David (Jones) is moving in with
her—but in a 'platonic' capacity only, to determine their
compatibility. Hogan manages to convince Sheila that Bill loves
her; it also helps that he reveals who Bill actually is. Hogue
explains that the boy had chewed his father's tobacco and was
given too much bismuth subnitrate as an antacid, causing a blue
tinge; the carbonic acid component of the soda would relieve his
stomachache. Holden (Jake Gyllenhaal) appears quiet and reserved,
qualities that the two of them share and, therefore, quickly take
a liking to one another. Holden McNeil (Ben Affleck) and Banky
Edwards (Jason Lee) are comic book artists and lifelong friends.
Holden does not show up for work the next day but is waiting in
Justine's car when her shift ends. Holden is attracted to Alyssa,
but soon learns that she is a lesbian. Holden is deeply upset by
this revelation, having previously believed that he is the first
man Alyssa had ever slept with. Holden suggests a threesome.
Holden tells her to meet her the following morning at a hotel.
Holden, who has been following her since the split, sees them
through a window. Holding Danny down, he vomits a black, viscous
fluid into Danny's mouth before collapsing. Holly abandons the
catering business after the romance with the architect fails and
decides to try her hand at writing. Holly and April end up as
rivals in auditions for parts in Broadway musicals, as well as
for the affections of an architect (Sam Waterston). Holly asks
help from Adam to disguise as Ben in the telephone and break up
with Jean. Holly begs Jean for them to move again. Holly demands
to know what he could've possibly been distracted by and Adam
admits his feelings for Holly by kissing her. Holly devises a
plan to invent a secret admirer for her mother, so she'll be
happy and not have to relocate anymore. Holly is on the road to
her perfect man as well since she has some stability in her life
and finally opens up and admits her feelings for Adam. Holly
overhears her friend Amy's (Vanessa Lengies) uncle Ben (Chris
Noth) ordering flowers for a woman, and decides to use his advice
on women (which she acquires by telling him she needs help for a
school project on romance). Holly sets aside her script, and
instead writes a story inspired by her own life, which Mickey
reads and admires greatly, vowing to help her get it produced and
leading to their second date. Holly then goes to the meeting
place and admits the whole ruse to Jean, who seems to take it
terribly. Holly's story is the film's third main arc. Holly, in
an act of desperation, then disguises herself as Ben's secretary
and arranges a meeting between Ben and her mom. Holman also knows
that his niece marrying an American would strengthen his
country's vital relationship with the United States. Holman hopes
that his niece will marry and produce a male heir as soon as
possible, but she is not interested in his preferred choice,
Count Peter de Chandome (Curt Bois) or the other candidates that
he has suggested. Holman is not opposed to Maria marrying a
commoner, and is pleased to learn that Eddie is one of nine
brothers and his father one of 11. Holman locks her in the
Lincoln Bedroom. Holmes is a success, and, of course, ends up
getting the girl. Home from the war, Captain Tony Travis (Alan
Marshal) eyes an estate in Santa Barbara and wonders what it must
be like to be that rich. Homer goes missing from his home in Los
Angeles, then turns up at the racetrack in Pasadena, too, and
makes contact with Steve's horse trainer Jeff Habbard. Homer
tells Ann that he has bet on Steve's horse because Steve himself
has bet on it. Homesick, she is comforted by the kind words of
Emilio and dismisses Maggie's warnings that he is a "corrupt,
heartless man". Hoops McCann (Cusack) is a recent high school
graduate who failed to get a basketball scholarship,
disappointing his parents. Hoops hopes to be admitted to the
Rhode Island School of Design, and must write and illustrate a
love story for his application. Hope's frequent sidekick Jerry
Colonna has a cameo as the leader of a cavalry charging to the
rescue of Bing and Bob, as the film cuts away to the galloping
horses periodically. Hopeless romantic Jake gets intrigued by the
jaded and outspoken Tintin. Hoping Richard will stop seeing
Margaret if he no longer has to date Susan, Tommy announces he is
dropping the charge. Hoping to avoid an awkward confrontation,
Ally lets her musician neighbor Colin Shea (Chris Evans) into her
apartment so that Roger will leave. Hoping to find Michelle, Luca
seeks out Max to profess deep affection for Michelle and remorse
for betraying her. Hoping to get another chance, Jenny takes a
job at Masters' favorite Caribbean resort, joined by her best
friend Ryan (Jonathan Bennett). Hoping to get her life back on
track, Mollie becomes a dedicated single mother; refusing to be
superficial about hopeful fathers, but rejecting several men over
small quirks that may reflect badly upon Mikey in the future.
Hoping to get out of trouble, Theo confesses that they drugged
them and he set them up in the barn. Hoping to interest Dino in
their songs, Barney disables the "Italian" sports car and tells
Dino he will need to remain in town until new parts arrive from
Milan. Hoping to lure Rudi into proposing to her, Anni extends
her stay beyond the two weeks while the Contessa, who has been
suspicious of her from the beginning, wires Armalia for
information on her. Hoping to raise money from engagement
presents she decides to visit her family in Texas with her
fiancé, Brent. Hoping to regain June for himself and Peter for
Christy, Doc conspires with her to perpetuate her "illness" for
24 hours while he tricks Peter into "letting her down gently" in
order to effect a cure. Horace Puh-feiffer," pronouncing the
letter P, and is corrected by the receptionist who tells her
there is no mr Pfeiffer. Horace achieves radio airplay for the
song and books the band at a rock & roll showcase concert in
Pittsburgh, after which they are offered a contract by Play-Tone
Records A&R representative mr White (Hanks). Horace leaves his
family and follows her to the city, but she tells him that she
did not love him but only admired him for the things he stood
for: honour, fidelity, etc. Hordes of veiled women descend on the
place. Hornby arrives and has Torchy released so he can convince
him to give up the magnum of champagne. Horner is concerned that
Charley has no ambition of any kind and no apparent guilt about
it. Horrified and confused, she tells him she wrote it a long
time ago. Horrified and humbled by what he's been shown, Frank
returns a changed man. Horrified by the discovery, Grace flees
and tells Megan what has happened. Horrified, Jesse and Jade
drive away with the dolls. Host Ty Andrews (Scott Speedman)
introduces Grant, who greets all the women and is asked to
eliminate the losers, which he does by shooting them one by one.
Hot-headed Winifred "Freddie" Jones (Betty Grable) is a saloon
singer in the Old West who catches her boyfriend, gambler Blackie
Jobero (Cesar Romero), flirting with another woman and takes a
shot at him with the six-shooter she always carries. Hotchkiss,
who, it turns out was being pursued by Leo rather against his own
wishes, falls in love with the siren-like Mrs George Collins.
Hotel manager Carlo Carlucci attempts to smooth things over,
taking on all the arrangements for the body to be taken back to
Baltimore in time for burial in just three days time. Hotel
security arrests Fred for robbery. Hours before the show starts,
Frank is visited by the ghost of his mentor Lew Hayward, who
announces that three ghosts will appear over the course of the
night. Hours before the wedding, however, Lalit changes his mind
and tells Tej and his wife (who is Lalit's sister) to leave the
wedding and the family, as he will go to any lengths to protect
them. Hours later, Jack shows up back at the motel room he shares
with Miles&nbsp;– naked and confessing that Cammi's husband came
home early while she and Jack were having sex. How To Find Love
in Three Days’, they choose three single Brits for a publicity
stunt to prove that their advice works. How do you do it. How
they resolve all their issues forms the rest of the story. How to
Find Love in Three Days'. Howard and Stanley travel to the French
Riviera, but Stanley is soon astonished by Sophie's ability to go
into a fugue state and apparently pull out highly personal
details about him and his family. Howard discovers the oil was
from his car and tries to get his money back, only to discover
the Pembertons already have spent it. Howard enlists Stanley to
go with him to the Côte d'Azur where a rich American family, the
Catledges, has apparently been taken in by a clairvoyant and
mystic, Sophie (Emma Stone). Howard is a mischievous and sly
angel named "Bah Humbug", while Latifah is the kind, thoughtful
angel, called "Mrs. Howard says that he has been unable to
uncover the secrets behind her tricks and he admits that the more
he watched her the more he believed she really has supernatural
powers. Howard takes pictures of Barney with the dragon's head
for the newspaper, and Andy tells Butler about the legal
consequences of his actions, but suggests that Ernest return the
stolen chickens and dogs, and then implores Butler to try honesty
with his next business venture, saying "It works better". Howard,
still certain Henry is a con artist, decides to assess the
Pemberton's property and discovers oil, unaware it's leaking from
his own car. However Benji reveals to Zack he had been lying
about his sexuality from the beginning, upsetting Zack. However
Brendan is straight and lives with his ex-girlfriend Sally
(Jennifer Ehle) who is later revealed to be Leo's high school
sweetheart. However Sonia is being pursued by Arthur and in a bar
Camille sees him trying to embrace her. However a new student by
the name of Archie (Michael Galeota) comes in and sweeps Julie
off her feet. However a sleazy agent trying to pimp her to the
director Vincent Catalano, pushes her to the other extreme.
However due to her stress about the wedding and strained
friendship with Emma, she ends up fired from her job. However he
goes ahead with plans to meet Katie's parents, and brings Katie
to meet his parents. However just as he is about to jump, Maura
steps in and talks him down from the ledge of the hotel roof.
However problems arise when the bride refuses to leave her room.
However she discovers the true identity of Rolando, and yet she
doesn't denounce him, because falls in love with him. However she
does develop a taste for French fries. However she is the object
of desire of shy medical student, Michael (Matt Day). However the
coach really wants Monk, a former professional baseball player,
for his team. However the moment was short lived, as the next day
after Laida made a suggestion in regards to an article content
that Miggy should put for the magazine, Miggy publicly humiliates
her and her knowledge of sex and questioned her virtue
(virginity) in front of the staff by making her say the word
“Sex”. However their friendship begins to strain when Robin
returns and notices that Phoebe is spending lots of time with
Frazer and has crossed getting a boyfriend off her task list.
However they begin to be mistaken for a couple by strangers, and
their friends begin to think they are in a relationship as well.
However they talk about weddings and are amazed by the cash and
gifts a couple get, and consider how easy it would be get that
kind of income. However upon arrival Freddie is nowhere to be
found. However upon arriving in Miggy’s apartment, she found him
high with fever with very little food or necessities in his
apartment, with no househelp or family to care for him. However
when he arrives, the police are all over the building. However,
Adam's date with Mona has a series of job related interruptions.
However, Amber Lee quits the production and Sharpay is fired.
However, Ann declines Joe's offer and leaves. However, Beauregard
then admits that he genuinely didn't know the answer to the
simple question posed to him at the Hollywood Bowl. However, Ben
continues to stick around in hopes of making her fall in love
with him. However, Ben is impressed by Sarah's fun-loving
personality, and starts to form a close bond with her. However,
Ben soon tires of the superficiality of Beverly Hills, even going
so far as calling to check the weather in Grady on his phone.
However, Bernice also manages to find Greg another home. However,
Betty is more interested in Brooks, Jimmy's butler. However, Bill
refuses to have sex with her until they are married, which is
something she still isn't ready for. However, Bobby eventually
realizes that the new lifestyle Lenny is leading is not noble, as
it causes him to rebel against everyone, including his parents.
However, Bobby is instructed that he is only allowed to reveal
himself to Lenny and nobody else. However, Bobby prevents Lenny
from dying, and they climb up the cliff together. However,
Brainey tracks him down and voices her disgust. However, Breezy
learns that Maisie is being held, even though Iris told him that
she left to attend the funeral of an aunt. However, Brody, angry
that Jeffrey disturbed him during a dance class, reveals to
Jeffrey that the job opening at the car dealership is for a stock
boy, not as a salesman as Jeffrey had been led to believe was his
when he asked for it. However, Byron also has expert advice in
his corner, courtesy of his best friend Gizzard (Tony Rock).
However, Calvin soon proves that his writing directly affects
Ruby. However, Camille keeps taking up too much of Freddy's time
and attention, and Marge begins to fall for him as well. However,
Charlie is in serious tax trouble and does not particularly care
for the Kid anyway. However, Chelsea claims that the painting is
actually hers, as her father made it for her and signed it to her
on her 8th birthday 18 years ago – the same day that her father
and most of his paintings went up in smoke in a mysterious fire.
However, Chris and his rink manage to win the match. However,
Chris' old childhood friend Joe Parker (Don Ameche), a known
newspaper reporter who has been stationed abroad, sends him a
message just before they begin their journey. However, Cindy
blackmails them, and moves to Simpson's company. However,
Commissar Vasiliev (Oscar Homolka) is determined to unmask and
arrest Comrade. However, Cristabel refuses to go on a date with
Nate unless June has a date as well. However, Dan returns home
and in order to save embarrassment for both the girl and himself,
he tries to keep up the pretense. However, Darrin has achieved so
much under false pretenses, having faked his college degree and
high school diploma and lied about being the son of a
congressman. However, Deion's ex-wives and children show up in
person, as Norbit had arranged to provide further proof of
Deion's wrongdoings. However, Deuce falls in love with one of his
clients, Kate (Arija Bareikis), who has a prosthetic leg.
However, Dudley's mission is not to help construct a cathedral,
but to spiritually guide Henry and the people around him.
However, Elizabeth took embarrassing photos of Carl while he was
drugged and, with the help of her roommate, Kirk, uses them to
blackmail him to say she is innocent. However, Ellen is alive;
she is rescued and returns home that particular day. However,
Fred and Emily's troubles have not ended, as the ship is
abandoned after a collision in the fog. However, Fred ultimately
confesses that he used his Hall Pass with Meg when Grace asks him
to take her to see Kathy Griffin. However, Freddie soon returns
with great news. However, Gidget still can't bring herself to go
to the Luau since she doesn't know how far Abby's rumor has
spread, so she goes for a walk alone on the beach and pictures
herself promiscuous and pregnant. However, Gidget's father
Russell, worried about his daughter being abroad, asks an old
friend of his, named Paolo Cellini, to keep an eye on Gidget to
see that she stays out of trouble. However, Gloria is still
slightly ahead in the contest. However, Glory longs to be a party
girl, going out to nightclubs, drinking, dancing, meeting men and
having a good time. However, Grace soon becomes pregnant, because
Geraldine has been stealing her pills and replacing them with
aspirin tablets. However, Graham then runs and escapes the room
by jumping out a window in the office using the blanket to
prevent himself from any injuries or cuts from the broken glass.
However, Greg realizes that the hole he dug himself into just got
much deeper as Jack angrily explains that the "mission" he was
planning was actually a surprise honeymoon to Ko Samui for the
newlywed couple and that the man he was meeting with in the
parking lot was a travel agent giving him their visas. However,
Guy's carefully managed façade collapses when he comes up for the
lead inRO. However, Gwen's behavior enrages Eddie who always seen
past her for the person she is and also sees his marriage for
what it really is. However, Halsey and Packman drunkenly bellow
at Santo and heckle the band. However, Happy Hogan indicates
that, by his answer card, the response is wrong. However,
Harrison lies that he voted for himself as well, and declines
office, making Cole end up as mayor once again. However, Hattie
soon discovers that Ella is unable to disobey direct orders and
she takes advantage of Ella. However, Henry's escape is foiled
when he encounters gypsies robbing Leonardo da Vinci (Patrick
Godfrey). However, Howard destroys it during the wedding, as a
demonstration of love. However, Hyacinthe sets up an after school
game of chess between Shaun, and Tommy. However, Hymie and Slug
return before he can load it. However, Iris secretly accuses
Maisie of suspicious behavior to the factory's security
department. However, Jack hasn't sailed for many years and
doesn't even have a boat. However, Jake would rather focus on
creating his handcrafted boats. However, Jeff starts having
second thoughts. However, Jenn states that she wants to have a
baby through natural conception, so the two begin awkwardly
having sex. However, Jennifer begins coming onto Matthew in
various, inappropriate situations. However, Jenny comes into the
frame and before long, both Jimmy and Dat fell in love with her.
However, Jesse doesn't want to manage the store and his guilt
over Lenny's death has been haunting him since his return.
However, John arrives, forcing Beth to hide in the back of his
Land Rover. However, Judith eventually discovers the identity of
her captors, and the duo are convinced they cannot let her go.
However, Juli's motives change when her beloved sycamore tree is
cut down. However, Kate's snooty, prima donna behavior gets on
his nerves immediately. However, Katrina denounces the bargain in
public, and Georg is forced to leave the parliamentary chamber in
disgrace. However, Kenneth, Kenji’s only son, makes out with a
girl in a bathroom stall as the girl’s grandfather enters; chaos
then ensues as the old man chases Kenneth to the reception hall.
However, Laura discovers that Blessington's thoroughly
unqualified brother-in-law, Harry Harkness (Hiram Sherman), has
driven a competitor into bankruptcy, unaware that International
Projects actually owns the unfortunate company. However, Laura
has forged a warm relationship with many of the smaller investors
while working at the company; they responded and sent in their
proxies, giving her the right to vote their shares. However,
Leeson's mother (Esther Dale) does not approve of her. However,
Lil finds herself shunned by high society, including Bill's
father, Will Legendre, Sr. However, Lorena is their saving grace.
However, Lucas realizes things will be more difficult than he
initially thought, because Susanne already has a boyfriend.
However, Lucy, although she likes Elliot, sees the affair as a
repeat of what happened with Tony. However, Maggie's mother Lila
(Wendy Crewson) and brother, who are forced to move into her loft
sublet with her, are unaware that she is a lesbian. However,
Magnate betrays Crocker, pushing him in a bottomless ballpit, and
tortures the fairies by adjusting the wish-granting machine to
electrocute them each time a wish is made. However, Maisie is
fooled into believing that Gloria's private secretary, "Wini"
Ashbourne, is Gloria. However, Margit is determined that Irene
marry the fiancé she (and her mother before) had personally
picked out for her sister, the pliable, weak-willed cousin Waldo
(John Beal). However, Margo goes missing for three days; her
parents file a police report. However, Margot's friend had gotten
off at a prior stop, and the paintings actually belong to Jeff
Thompson (Melvyn Douglas). However, Marie is also being pursued
by Bernard Norton, who is not as seemingly dull as Tommy.
However, Marni puts together a makeshift wedding at the hospital,
with the bride and groom bandaged, but properly dressed and able
to walk down the aisle. However, Martin is now in pursuit of
another dancer, Sonya (Osa Massen), and has promised the lead to
her. However, Mary Tate latches onto Craig romantically - and
Santo gives Craig his blessing for this unorthodox relationship,
claiming that he needs to keep himself challenged both in the gym
and in his romantic life in order to succeed. However, Melissa
connects with a spa staff member, Jamie (Jerry Levine), who has
taken an apparent liking to her and yet who is very sweet,
respectful and supportive of her. However, Mike finds that he is
falling in love with her. However, Mirza's escort has told him
and Shevket that Phelps has seen her without her veil. However,
Miss Olsen retaliates by telling his wife, who promptly throws
him out. However, Nate believes that Johann is a threat to his
shot for Cristabel, since Johann is almost perfect. However, Nell
is still let down and so Woody (in Nell's body) decides to
confront Nicky. However, Nomad's true identity is Austin Ames,
the popular, yet unhappy, quarterback of the school's football
team, and Shelby's ex-boyfriend, although she refuses to accept
that he has broken up with her. However, Norton secretly plans to
channel support for Doe into support for his own national
political ambitions. However, O'Hara has given her passport to
her Jewish maid Anna, so that the woman and her two children may
escape the country. However, Pat and Angela falls in love, but
Pat still does not know Angela's true identity. However, Paulina
takes a message for Darrin in a phone call from Rosa and learns
of his past troubles, and intends on exposing him the first
chance she gets. However, Peter and his Aunt Renie convince Tammy
to stay, leading her to sing of her love for Peter. However,
Priya's family has arrived to bring their wayward daughter home a
la Coming to America and elude the shame of her escapades.
However, Rafferty explains that this will not be happening.
However, Rahul forgets to take the ashes, and he almost misses
the train when he returns to collect them. However, Reverend
Lewis finally stands up to Paulina and calls her out for being a
selfish, conniving, hypocritical individual. However, Roger falls
in love with her. However, Rosa's parents feel that they can butt
into her life all the time because they give her an allowance and
Viktor, seeing this as his opportunity to save himself from his
mistake, tries to convince her that this is her opportunity to
liberate herself from this cycle. However, Rose is worried about
becoming pregnant, so she switches the pills in her vitamin
bottle with the pills in Prudence's Thenol bottle, just moments
after Gerald replaces Prudence's Thenol with aspirin. However,
Rover and his dog friends chase him into the limo of the
gangsters. However, Rover wakes up and jump out of the truck when
the fishermen stop for gas, and begins to wander down the road on
his way back to Las Vegas. However, Rutherford chooses that night
to evaluate Joel for admission to Princeton. However, Ryan makes
a real effort and begins giving good advice to the people writing
in, and the column turns into a huge hit and Page's newspaper
begins to sell more and more across the city. However, Sally
isn't aware the marriage is a sham. However, Sarah opens the gate
herself after seeing Tom make a romantic speech to the camera and
the two rush out to proclaim their love for each other. However,
Scott has used up the last of his magic wooing Carol, and Comet
has eaten too many chocolate bars. However, Scott's peculiar
behavior, which was subtly exposed by Russell, disappoints
Elizabeth. However, Seryozha refuses to believe that this is
true. However, Shaun has a feeling Tommy threw the game. However,
Stacy soon realizes that Nick's quirky habits (eg, not having a
checking account or a credit card, carrying all his personal
belongings in plastic trash bags) and idiosyncratic ways of
thinking (not having his life together at this age and stage of
life) are things that she cannot adapt to. However, Stacy's plan
suffers a setback when she develops a friendship with one of the
women. However, Stan decides he still wants to be with her and
they reconcile. However, Steinbock falls in love with Emilia
(Marie Bäumer) and Hammer-Gerd promotes Maren's career as a
singer. However, Steve receives a telegram informing him that a
company has bought his cement formula for $100,000. However,
Terri's mother Frances (Rita Wilson) feels differently; knowing
that Paul would have wanted Terri to attend the program, she
convinces her surviving offspring to go. However, Thomas
discovers that he is in love with Tansy; when he kisses her, she
realizes she feels the same about him and they elope. However,
Tom gives him sleeping pills mixed with alcohol which sends him
into a coma. However, Tom's parents and Alex see that Tom is
dissatisfied with his new life and motivate him to act upon this.
However, Tom, unable to find a suitable chef's position, ends up
working at Zingerman's and taking up hunting. However, Tony
(having hijacked a fishing boat that picked him up) manages to
get there just in time to persuade his brother that Jo would not
be respectable enough for his career and reputation. However,
Toya is in love with the bodybuilder Ken (Ken Yasuda). However,
Tracy was not in the room because she had decided that she could
not go through with her plans. However, Troy convinces the club's
manager, mr Fulton, into hiring Gabriella and their close group
of friends as well; including Taylor and Chad. However, Uğur and
Pınar meet for the first time by chance in a traffic accident
when Uğur crashes his car into Pınar's, and they develop an
intense rivalry. However, Vronsky cannot see that his own art
lacks talent and passion, and that his conversation about art is
extremely pretentious. However, Vronsky, embarrassed by Karenin's
magnanimity, unsuccessfully attempts suicide by shooting himself.
However, Waldo is nowhere to be seen when Charles is asked if he
will take Irene for his wife. However, Willie suggests turning
into a pink bunny instead, and as he does he sees Mickey, Donald,
and Goofy with the fly-swatter. However, Willie wakes up from his
sleep and spots them, giving chase all the way to the beanstalk.
However, Woody decides it is "so gay" and leaves Nicky just as he
is removing his clothing. However, a chance sighting of Kitty in
her carriage makes Levin realise he still loves her. However, a
chase ensues. However, a determined Irene tracks him down in his
manager's apartment at The Dump and bulldozes him into marriage,
saying, "Stand still, Godfrey, it'll all be over in a minute".
However, a drunk and delusional Patty starts chasing Jim with a
shotgun; her father, Jim's father, step-mother, and his buddies
also arrive to confront him. However, a few days later, the
critic gives the pizzeria his highest rating, calling it
"superb". However, a phone call arrives a moment later, from
Einstein himself, who has been watching the show. However, a
problem occurs in the hotel and they are forced to sleep in
Laida's apartment, and Miggy sleeps on the bedroom floor.
However, a visit by Michelle's attractive brother, Max (Kyle
Schmid), who flirts with "Luke's cousin", enables her to get
sufficiently aroused to complete the transformation back to Luke.
However, after Benjamin pesters her one evening, mrs Robinson
reveals that she entered into a loveless marriage when she
accidentally became pregnant with Elaine. However, after Big
Frank reveals to Valerie that he is paying Rusty to be her
chaperone, Valerie becomes angry and devastated to the point of
going to a local nightclub, getting drunk, and starting a riot,
landing everyone there in jail. However, after Mike sees the
lifeguard perform a number of dangerous dives, including flips
and head-first dives into a section of the pool surrounded by a
ring of fire, he decides to get even with him and eventually sets
himself up to perform a death-defying dive off the 136-foot
cliffs of La Quebrada in front of hundreds of people. However,
after considering her options, she becomes his traveling
companion. However, after deserting his friends in Scotland
during an unsuccessful robbery of some clowns, his friends turn
against him and come to the Midlands to try to track him down.
However, after fourteen months of marriage, his disapproving
mother (Lucile Watson) had managed to break them up. However,
after having this so-called "guilt-free sex" with numerous women,
Chuck decides he wants a serious relationship with Cam. However,
after hearing Katherine talking on the phone with her kids,
Palmer assumes that her kids are Danny's as well. However, after
meeting with her contractor's handsome and intelligent son,
Colin. However, after seeing Freddie alive from a nearby diner,
he confronts Jjaks and Freddie in the manager's apartment.
However, after seeing the contestants struggle to answer
relatively easy questions, Beauregard plots revenge on Burnbridge
Waters. However, after serious disputes with his family, Nick
once again tries to hospitalize Leila. However, after spending
time with Leo, she realizes some people only fall in love once
and she still cares for Kostas. However, all is not as it seems.
However, along the journey Jane makes new friends and finds a new
romantic interest. However, an unexpected problem occurs: a
strike of air traffic controllers prevent Álex and his guests
arrive to where Eva is. However, another guest at the pension, an
Anglican clergyman named mr Beebe, persuades the pair to accept
the offer, assuring Miss Bartlett that mr Emerson only meant to
be kind. However, another woman beats her to the title. However,
as Oscar sits in a restaurant where he and Amy ate together on
the night they met, Amy comes to see him. However, as Sherman is
chasing what is left of Buddy, the glowing mass evaporates and
thus Sherman cannot restore his intelligence. However, as an
unpublished author, Doug senses that there is something odd going
on. However, as he opens Winona’s envelope, fear drowns him
because he knows about the so-called curse that all the women in
Winona’s family die before 25. However, as soon as he leaves, he
finds he has returned to 2010 and that the bar where the 1920s
literati were drinking is a laundromat. However, as soon as they
step outside they are all arrested. However, as the crowd admires
Thorndyke's victory, Herbie blows some whipped cream out of his
exhaust pipe, covering Thorndyke. However, as their plan moves
through, things start to fall apart when they find out that Bill
has no checkered past and nothing for them to use against him.
However, at a family dinner, his relatives unintentionally make
insensitive comments about her ethnicity, and Charles overreacts.
However, at a very important basketball game, J-J pushes the
mascot (Marni), who runs into Will, resulting in a loss of the
game. However, at the end of the story, Levin arrives at the
conclusion that despite his newly accepted beliefs, he is human
and will go on making mistakes. However, at the same time Miggy's
father receives a heart attack and wants Laida to be with him.
However, at the train station, they make peace and get married
for real. However, because Fini refuses to leave his wife, Taylor
throws him a kiss and leaves the Met while Fini is singing
"Nessun Dorma" to her. However, because Herb still pines for the
day Susie will suddenly come back to him, this conflicts his very
strong feelings for Vivian, leading him to eventually stand her
up on the day that they were supposed to view the rare solar
eclipse together. However, before she can inform Dan, Armand
shows up at her apartment to discuss Jerry's earlier interruption
of Lucy's singing recital. However, before she gets the chance,
she finds in his house the letter that she had sent several
months earlier. However, before they can be driven off the rifle
falls apart revealing that it was not functioning. However,
before they can do so, Pettypacker telephones Dodd, informing him
that he has sold the studio to Nassau, and that Dodd is fired.
However, both manage to get a very bad impression of each other,
after realizing the other is of the opposite sex from articles of
clothing lying about. However, company owner Leo Hansen arrives
to deliver a note to Larry, announcing his termination, and Niles
kills him by mistake. However, despite David's visit, Connie
dies. However, during a palace ball Paige remembers that she is
betraying her ambition to become a doctor working in Third World
countries, breaks her engagement and returns home. However,
during breakfast the two agents and Brick find the village.
However, during her trip she received a phone call from her
husband saying he was coming home early and realized that he had
ended the relationship for good. However, during the months he
stays in the town, Henry is forced to confront his unresolved
feelings for his high school friend Dean Stewart, while
simultaneously being oblivious to the feelings of Pike Dexter,
the shy Native American owner of the town's general store.
However, emotionally Leila is still a child. However, even a
queen is powerless to end a lawful marriage, and she orders Kent
to "fetch" Viola because she must sail with Wessex to the Colony
of Virginia. However, even the Mexican investigators are
unsympathetic and conclude that she murdered him intentionally.
However, even these may fail to bring you success, without the
blessing of a godfather or a godmother". However, fearful of
being separated, they haven't told anybody. However, following
her "destiny" means deciding between a boyfriend, Ted, and her
career. However, he also courts Dorothy Johnson. However, he
arrives after Paige’s graduation at Johns Hopkins School of
Medicine and tells her that she is his choice and he is willing
to wait for however long it takes to achieve her dreams. However,
he bids her farewell while handing her an unexplained note inside
a book she was reading. However, he cannot keep from fooling
around with other women. However, he changes his mind and drives
back to the Slocum house. However, he comes to a halt, as he
finds out that she is being married to Dillon 'Dill' Todd (Robert
Montgomery) the very next day. However, he continues to mope over
his failed marriage. However, he does a double take and realizes
she is reading one of his own books. However, he does divorce
her, and remarries Irene. However, he does not dispose of the
genetic material and as a result, Buddy becomes a sentient being
when a hair from a Basset Hound who was Sherman's test subject
finds its way into it and causes such a reaction. However, he
does not really feel a connection with Betty, nor does Barney
with Wilma, until both men switch dates. However, he does offer a
genuine apology, hoping to finally make amends with Charlie.
However, he escapes and, with the help of a sympathetic maid,
tranquilizes and transforms his partner into an unspecified
animal. However, he finds that things develop differently this
time around&mdash;Sylvia has an affair with Dave (Strong), and
she leaves him. However, he gets cold feet and runs away on the
day of the wedding. However, he has fun with Stan when he tries
to leave by remote controlling his car again, promising Lola it
is the last time. However, he has no plans for the future and is
a budding alcoholic, which causes his girlfriend, Cassidy (Brie
Larson), who is unable to cope, to dump him. However, he has to
compete for her attention with all the other boys who share the
same opinion. However, he is drawn to shy student Meredith but is
cautioned against talking to her by some of the other students.
However, he is not interested into "couply" things, despite
Darren's attempts. However, he is not so carried away as to
neglect his duties; he takes her ring, all of it. However, he is
spurred to action on Christmas Eve when he finds a Christmas card
from Natalie declaring that she is his and no one else's.
However, he is totally oblivious that his friend Toni Williams is
in love with him. However, he just reenters the room through
another door. However, he keeps falling for Simone's enticements.
However, he learns from Jorgen von Strangle that because of his
courage, a new law was passed in Fairy World that will now permit
him to keep his fairy godparents forever, as long as he makes
unselfish wishes. However, he must return to his own home, but
tells the grandfather that, if anything happened to the
grandfather, Tammy would be welcome to come and stay with Peter
at his spacious house. However, he only hears it for a moment.
However, he rebuffs her with cruel insults against her. However,
he reluctantly discharges Johann, as he has been neglecting his
duties as head butler. However, he runs down and obtains two
carpets from a salesman, wrapping them around himself as a form
of wealthy robe. However, he sees past it and openly admits that
he's done with her. However, he unintentionally left behind the
drawing of the house he'd built for Becky. However, her boss
Dottie Birmington only allows her to do the piece if she also
does an article on mail-order brides. However, her father is
right there to help her out. However, his appointment isn't valid
until the first of January. However, his former WUBA teammates
show up and successfully vouch for him to be brought back into
the league, and Michelle gives him a championship ring and a
kiss. However, his grandmother (Kate Cutler), the Dowager
Marchioness of Buckminster, is impatient for him to have children
and gives him an ultimatum: find a wife or she will cut off his
allowance. However, his plans backfire when he wakes up to find
himself tied to a chair in her kitchen. However, his race car, an
Elva Mk. However, his shot at romance with the girl is blown when
he discovers she's his sister. However, in Times Square, she
wonders what the alternative is ("Where Am I Going. However, in a
wild ride inside the tank both the Colonel and "Three Star" are
killed when the tank goes out of control. However, in his
interaction with her, the android develops emotions and develops
better social skills than the scientist himself. However, in the
meantime, Shepherd's team discovers he is exactly three votes
short, with no other apparent options to acquire them except by
shelving the environmental bill, thus solidifying the support of
the three Congressmen from Michigan—which he agrees to do.
However, in the second to last match, Gordon once again throws
out his back and unable to curl. However, instead of his wife
finding Rosie with dr Sascha, she finds Junior with Marie
instead. However, it has a drastic effect on Austin, who gets a
pistol and takes a very poorly aimed shot at Geoffrey. However,
it is revealed that Freddie had a nervous breakdown as he
couldn't deal with Sophie. However, it turns out that the beans
are truly magical after all as later that night, the light of a
full moon causes a beanstalk to sprout from under the house and
lift it far up into the sky. However, it turns out the Adams Soap
company has traditionally booked the sign and is upset to learn
that another client has obtained it. However, its inventor Baron
von Westphalen and his associates are hiding the fact that the
generators alter the ocean's currents and cause the Earth to slow
its rotation, and that the transmission of Fluid Karma to
portable receivers (via quantum entanglement) is ripping holes in
the fabric of space and time. However, jobs are extremely hard to
find. However, just after she shuts the door, he knocks again and
asks her on a date. However, just as the casket is cremated,
Frank is returned to reality. However, just before he has sex
with her, Stu informs him that each of the women Chuck has slept
with have got married, including Carol. However, later in the
morning, Wade Rawlins (Brian Aherne) appears at the doorstep.
However, later in the war, Dixie's husband dies in battle.
However, later that evening, Happy and Flame appear, willing to
marry Gwenn and Beauregard respectively after all. However, more
bad news comes in a letter from Vladimir's family that his
grandfather has died. However, mr Bullock has more pressing
concerns. However, on her wedding day, her wise grandmother (Ruth
McDevitt) convinces her to reconcile with Davis. However, on the
day of the prom, Troy visits Gabriella at Stanford University and
convinces her to return and they kiss during the lunch break
("Can I Have This Dance. However, on the night of the prom, Billy
arrives with another girl and both of them hurl eggs and insults
at Josie, humiliating her and breaking her heart. However, on the
return trip, they agree that their relationship is not working.
However, on the third (or only) night, she loses track of the
time and must flee the castle before her disguise vanishes.
However, once he ventures into the tenement, he gradually grows
fond of the low-income black residents who dwell there. However,
once she discovers her nephew has fallen in love with Amarilly,
she turns against her. However, once the natives find them, she
learns that in their society, a woman may take multiple husbands,
and declares she will marry them both. However, once they are out
on the water, Dianne proves herself to be an expert skier,
performing fancy maneuvers to gain the attention of wealthy young
playboy James Jamison III (Bixby). However, one night, a pack of
wolves attempt to kill the turkey on the farm. However, one
significant problem arises: she's married and wants him to kill
her abusive husband (Jed Rees) so that she and Ricky can be
together. However, out of fear, she still refuses to lift the
spell on Ella. However, refusing to admit her feelings after
everything that happened, Toni rejects Michael. However, romantic
impulses between Laura and each of the two men eventually
threaten to tear the old friends apart. However, she admits that
she is disenchanted with her wealthy but lonely life. However,
she balks when he attempts to explain he is Santa, believing that
Scott is mocking her childhood, until Charlie manages to convince
her by showing her his magic snow globe. However, she cannot
convince her smitten father that something is unusual about
Celeste. However, she carries on with her plan to work for and
then marry a rich man, and when she gets a job at Sincere Trust,
she sets her sights on the attractive but self-absorbed Trevor
Graydon (John Gavin). However, she feels sick, and after a minor
incident in the bathroom, is sent back home by Fred before they
can have sex. However, she has also attracted the attention of
the Maharajah of Khairpura-Bhandanna (Dick Sutherland). However,
she has developed feelings for the seemingly unwealthy Crowchild.
However, she insists she can get a job there on her own merits.
However, she is convinced that her two suitors are mocking her,
as neither loved her originally. However, she is stunned when she
turns in an article and her teacher still criticizes her work,
making Terry realize her gender and looks were never the issue.
However, she is too involved with her patients and she doesn't
think that she would be able to leave them to live in Paris for a
year. However, she leaves him at the hotel wishing him good luck
in the games. However, she left a note asking him to lunch with
her the following day. However, she never forgot him, and is hurt
that he got over her so easily. However, she reads in the
newspaper that David intends to marry the high-society Evelyn
Woodforth (Martha Sleeper). However, she refuses to apologize for
her past, and Holden leaves feeling disillusioned and furious.
However, she sneaks away before Willowbrook tries to become
better acquainted with her. However, she sometimes plays in the
park with boys including her best friend, Tony (Ameet Chana), a
closet homosexual. However, she suddenly has news from Longbourne
that her sister Lydia had eloped with Mr Wickham. However, she
tells things about him and the world that she would not know if
she were not from the future. However, shortly before the
ceremony, Carrie arrives, revealing to Charles that she and
Hamish are separated. However, since they are tough guys stamped
by prison fights they have their issues when it comes to
discipline and it is particularly hard for them to have a lady as
boss. However, some of these encounters lead him into trouble.
However, support for the bill in both parties is tepid:
conservatives do not want it, and liberals think it is too weak.
However, that deliberation is crushed when her younger sister
Lydia elopes with Wickham in London. However, the Boneys attack
and try to kill Julie, but with M’s help, they get away in R’s
car. However, the Cool Rider reappears. However, the Frenchman
has that blood type. However, the Honorable Page Beresford
(Chadwick), who is after Bab's sister Leila's (Greene) hand and
fortune, arrives at the factory to place an order for shells and,
mistaken for Adrian, gets thrown out. However, the Kid hits a
switch, revealing hidden casino tables. However, the adult Orked
is not called by her name in this scene as the young Orked is.
However, the assistant moves her leg and is nicked, so she quits.
However, the ball does land on 15, and Cedric is angry at Zeke.
However, the change is too late and insufficient. However, the
clandestine romance introduces Maggie's family to a host of new
experiences, many of which are "better than chocolate". However,
the clock strikes midnight before she can kiss him, but the two
decide they are content to live together as frogs. However, the
company Directors recall that he has divested himself of all his
shares and is thus powerless, so they brush him off. However, the
employees, Joe, and Jane — who has since quit working for Rex —
pool their resources to replace the missing money. However, the
father in this tale plays an active role in several scenes, and
it is not explained why he tolerates the mistreatment of his
child. However, the film implies that Nola is still terminally
unhappy with her decision to leave Jamie as the film closes with
Nola going to bed all alone. However, the final scene shows
Genevieve, now demonstrating her true Texan origins, stealing
Starla's ID card/drivers license and returning to France and she
is welcomed to her new adoptive French family upon her arrival in
Paris, play acting as Starla. However, the heartbreak his mother
experiences at the courthouse wedding prepares the story for a
shift to drama. However, the justice of the peace who married
them shows up at the office and apologizes: his license had
expired, so the marriage is invalid. However, the kiss also
causes Mike to become jealous to the point of quitting the band.
However, the local bait shop closed after Chuck, the previous
owner died, and Maria Ragetti (Sophia Loren) has purchased the
property with the intent of converting it into a fancy Italian
restaurant. However, the manoeuvre fails; Madison's feelings
remain unchanged. However, the movie ends with the feeling that
they aren't going to let that fact stop their relationship.
However, the next day, Dill doesn't show up to the altar, as it
turns out that the night before the wedding, he ran off and
married Connie Barnes (Frances Drake), a woman with whom he had
had an affair in Europe some months before. However, the next
day, Simpson reveals that there is not going to be a merger.
However, the next morning Patrick shows up again wanting to spend
the day with Harry, so Harry breaks his date with Evie to go look
at apartments with Patrick and Zola. However, the offer comes
from his former wife, Ellie (Téa Leoni), and her current
boyfriend, Hal (Treat Williams), the studio head who stole Val's
wife from him. However, the pair only get as far as the island of
Kaigoon before their money runs out. However, the perceptive mr
Gao has seen more than he is letting on; he secretly tells Simon
that he knows about their relationship, and, appreciating the
considerable sacrifices he made for his biological son, takes
Simon as his son as well. However, the police raid the
establishment; in the rush of escaping people, Victoria ends up
getting arrested dressed only in her slip. However, the radiogram
reaches her just after the wedding has taken place. However, the
real Clarice arrives back with the news that her marriage with
Michael is annulled. However, the round of publicity begns to
take an unpleasant turn. However, the second moral of the story
mitigates the first one and reveals the criticism that Perrault
is aiming at: That "without doubt it is a great advantage to have
intelligence, courage, good breeding, and common sense. However,
the statue was forged by Nicole's grandfather and would fail even
a basic analysis as to its materials and age. However, the topic
drifts towards children and Anna makes it very clear that she
wants grandchildren, but Sarah is a very business driven woman
and isn't ready for kids, this causes some tension between Sarah,
Anna, and Mauricio. However, the trio are captured by Brinkman's
men, although Cody quickly manages to escape. However, the truth
comes out in the end, both Tommy and mr Thurber sell their
properties and alleviate their financial needs, and Tommy and
Marie get married. However, the uncle is so happy with the bride
that he decides to stay for a month, and returns with his trained
nurse, who turns out to be Paul's boyhood sweetheart, the girl he
has never been able to forget. However, the vacation is ruined
when he learns that Sarah and her new rock star boyfriend Aldous
Snow (Russell Brand) are also guests of the resort. However, the
war ends before any of them see combat. However, the young ladies
have been reluctant to approach their status-conscious father, as
their sweethearts are commoners. However, the young lovers move
on to bigger and better things after winning a London West End
theatre contract. However, the young man finds himself being
squeezed out by greedy Broadway producers who see the talented
young girl as their own personal gold mine. However, their
decision to sleep together is one which is clearly complex and
fraught with emotional baggage for each of them. However, their
relationship is seen to be disintegrating after Hector overheard
Gwen insulting him in the film in addition to the revelation that
Hector himself had an affair with Weidmann's young daughter.
However, their relationship revolves around Barbara and Catcher,
and neither is brave enough to express their feelings for the
other. However, their separate discussions with their therapists
make it evident there is an unspoken divide. However, there are
some women whose attention he attempts to avoid, one such being
the married Agatha Carraway (Mae Murray). However, there is a
catch: Nola, believing that her promiscuity is the source of her
inability to commit to a single guy, wants the relationship to be
celibate for the time being. However, there is a complication.
However, they agree on a partnership between MET and Flippage on
the condition of Laida going back to New York. However, they
already have suitors among the young men of the town, who
jealously taunt the brothers into fighting during the barn-
raising. However, they are both encountered by the alternate-
future Otávio, who traveled back in time after João left the
alternate 2011. However, they are spotted and chased by the
authorities. However, they are worlds apart. However, they become
puzzled and relieved when they find that not only is nothing
missing, but the ring has been returned. However, they encounter
(and are forced to join) a group of similarly garbed Arab
prisoners being sent by train to Constantinople. However, they
end up in the ring with a bull, which then charges them, injuring
Meryl. However, they get stuck in traffic and Lance delivers the
baby in the backseat of his SUV. However, they had twins who are
not biologically his, before divorcing. However, they have one
small problem: this is the 90s, and everyone wants to practice
"safe sex". However, they have sex that night. However, they have
to live under the same roof to avoid suspicion that their
marriage is a sham. However, they ignore that Angela (Fabrizio's
new wife) and Gabriele (Lisa's current husband) have been
cheating on them for a year and are already in a relationship.
However, they need several thousand dollars to set up a home.
However, they need to survive the pledging. However, they take a
liking to her, and invite her to stay. However, things didn't go
so well for Cindy, and she comes back into town. However, things
take a turn for the worse when Aziz's men burst in, kidnap the
couple, and take them to an island in the Florida Keys. However,
things turn even more mysterious when Forrester suddenly drops
all charges against Chelsea since he has swapped the painting for
a Picasso with museum curator Victor Taft (Terence Stamp), Kelly
and Logan find out about this after they go to Forrester's house
to ask him about the alleged crime. However, this backfires, as
Vivian discovers that the call came from New York when she tries
to reconnect. However, this companionship leaves the Bennet girls
confused when mr Bingley & Co. However, this information gives
her problems of her own, as it finds its way to her own romantic
interests, and threatens to destroy her own love life. However,
this is a plot by Chip to hope Fred gambles so Wilma dumps him,
whereas Fred sees it as a chance to win big so he can impress
Wilma with money like Chip's. However, this is later revealed as
a lie, part of Barry's plot to fix the competition so Scott and
Liz will lose. However, this leads to Josh "firing" her, having a
heated argument about "whose" movie it is. However, this
replacement cannot find any grace or slack in his plastic heart
for minor infractions by children the world over, having followed
the Handbook too strictly. However, unbeknownst to them,
Sanderson is the leader of a criminal gang that steals from
department stores like the one the women work at. However, upon
her arrival, she discovers that Lita has really attracted the
attention of Carter's butler, Rollins (Charles Coleman), with
whom she is having dinner. However, upon meeting Tripp, she finds
that he does not fit any of her previous profiles, having normal
social skills and no problems with self-esteem. However, when
Akeem lifts the veil to kiss her, he finds Lisa instead of Imani.
However, when Ariel learns what is going on, she tells John to
apologize to Maria at once. However, when Bristow would seem to
marry her, Anderson prepares a plan to take her back. However,
when Darrin goes back and gets a new condo and a promotion, he
comes to realize that none of these things mean anything without
Lilly and the choir. However, when Halsey screams "let's hear it
for Muscle Beach symphony orchestra. However, when Jeff tells
Gidget that he thinks it's great and that she should go to
Hawaii, Gidget gives him back his pin, runs home and tells her
folks she has changed her mind. However, when Jimmy tells her
that Peter has been romancing Betty, she thinks he is just a
lying womanizer. However, when Lori and Jeffrey are about to
enact a scripted onscreen kiss, Celeste stops them by revealing
that Lori is actually her daughter by Jeffrey. However, when
Miggy sings, Laida gets teary eyed so he stops singing. However,
when Natalie makes an early return home from a business trip and
finds her trusted mate in the company of last night's
entertainment, the relationship abruptly ends leaving them to
travel separate roads to self-discovery. However, when Pete and
the children arrive at the house in the rain, they discover that
another couple (the McGonigles) also have a lease for the
property. However, when Sanderson comes to pick Franky up, he
hits on Gerry instead. However, when Sheila is pressured by her
mother to break her date with Bill to attend a charity ball with
Wally, she encounters Bill there with his beautiful cousin Adele.
However, when William encounters his old friend, Colonel
Willowbrook, he learns of Julia's misdeed. However, when given
the chance to break up with Charlie, she thinks it might be best
since she knows how it will end. However, when he clumsily
explains why they have to get married that day, she breaks up
with him. However, when he examines her, he diagnoses a tropic
disease she had possibly got in South America. However, when he
hitchhikes alone, he finds himself back in Los Angeles where he
started. However, when he realises it is actually Sybil returned
early, he opens the door and unconvincingly says "Oh, what a
terrible dream," trying to explain his previous whispers to mrs
Peignoir (as he thought) to go away. However, when he runs into
Eva while at work delivering meat to local restaurants they make
amends and begin a relationship. However, when he sees a
newspaper headline announcing Mary and Ronald's wedding that same
day at her family's estate, he gives up. However, when he states
that he bought Alexis off, Laura does not believe him. However,
when he tells his boss, he becomes disheartened when she states
she was planning on making him head chef at a new restaurant in
town. However, when it becomes apparent that Sue is completely
unable to read or write (despite spelling a difficult word
earlier), Grey begins to push even harder for Bill to leave Sue
with her. However, when one of the leading pairs falls during the
competition, they advance. However, when paradise proves to be
too boring, Jack needs to find a way to get out while keeping
Roberto out of the loop. However, when she enters her friend's
cabin, she finds some paintings, but no friend. However, when she
overhears Joe Diamond congratulating Paul for landing a wealthy
heiress and demanding 10% as promised, the wedding is off.
However, when she reads what he has written, she tears it out.
However, when she tries to kiss him, Patrick pulls away and Kat
leaves, infuriated. However, when she tries to schedule an
appointment for her breast surgery, she cannot afford the $9,300
procedure. However, when shelter workers pester Claire, Frank
reverts to his old self, and bluntly tells Claire she is letting
life pass her by, and to only care about herself. However, when
talk of long-term commitment arises, the Kid quickly makes an
escape. However, when the local sheriff learns that it is all a
con, Bates, his friend Achilles and Teresita have to flee.
However, when they return to the Philippines, they become
frustrated when their families don't get along. However, while
Bates is away on a business trip, she starts seeing the married
Farrell. However, while Nicholas is away on business she
confesses to her friend Ivan (Halliday) that she is still upset
with Nicholas. However, with help from Paul once again, they
begin to accept him into their social circle. However, with the
help of Peyton, she auditions him ("My Boi And Me"), only to be
caught in a tie with the very competitive child star Roger
Elliston (Bradley Steven Perry) and his pedigree Cavalier King
Charles Spaniel, Countess ("My Girl And Me"). However,J. However.
Hubert departs with his sister Clara, asking Karl to make Louise
happy. Hugh (Macdonald Carey) and Miriam Halsworth (Claudette
Colbert) are in the final stages of their divorce procedure. Hugh
admits he cheated because the stake was so high. Hugh admits
this, and still has those two dice with him. Hugh is also Jerry's
boss. Hugh, who's living at the hotel where he works, makes a
fuss with the gardener about his rosebushes. Hughley) who
apparently bought it. Hugo Dugay (Alyssa Milano) runs a small
company, Hugo Pool, that cleans swimming pools in Los Angeles.
Humiliated, Celine runs out again. Humiliated, Lara Jean avoids
Peter during Christmas break. Humiliated, Mia flees to the
stables, where Nicholas fails to comfort her. Humiliated, Milo
makes peace with Mad Dog and lets Glory go with no strings
attached. Humiliated, Mitch is ready to quit school. Humiliated,
Phoebe leaves. Humiliated, corrupt Governor Ainslee (Patrick
Malahide) vows to find her, either to arrest her or form a
partnership for half her profits. Humiliated, she decides to move
to New York City, even if it means a temporary separation from
her husband. Humorous retellings of the story sometimes use the
twist of having the shoes turn out to also fit somebody
completely unsuitable, such as an amorous old crone. Hundreds of
newspaper and magazine covers reprint the photograph of Madison
running ashore, alone (in reality trying to escape from
Cummings), making him a war hero. Hundreds of women from around
the country who hear the program and are touched by the story
write to Sam. Hunky writer Markus (Andreas) returns home to find
his boyfriend of four years naked with another man. Hunter
confesses to his angry fiancée Jenny that he finds himself at the
top of the heap without any meaning and she takes him back.
Hunter soon finds fame to be a double-edged sword, getting him
what he wants, but with a price to be paid for that success.
Hunter's boss decides to leverage his employee's newfound fame,
but when Hunter also gets Marlowe to agree on a television
spectacular sponsored by Stay-Put, Hunter becomes the advertising
firm's highest-regarded employee. Huntley), another older wealthy
man who is happy to squire a much younger woman. Hurt after
hearing this Bill abruptly leaves. Hurt and angry, Zooey leaves.
Hurt that Kiko would give her up so easily, she confronts him for
not fighting for love and leaves for Manila. Hurt, Robert gets
out of the car and walks away. Hurt, she refuses, says this is
not the "fairy tale" she dreamed of as a child, in which a knight
on a white horse rescues her. Hussain painting, which is sold out
everywhere. Hussain)over the phone, he acts to be the owner of
the painting and sells it to Raina. Hyacinthe tries to win Tommy
back, and does so by singing to him outside his window. Hyder
Khan said he had read the stars and found that Princess Shalmar's
first husband is destined to die a violent death within a week of
the marriage, and the second husband would be blessed with long
life and happiness. I could hear everyone's heart. I could hear
the human noise we sat there making, not one of us moving, not
even when the room went dark". I hope baby lands on her feet, but
they better make damn sure they fix that dent in her heart before
they let her out". I mean, a lot". I never miss with the 7-Iron"
This causes Romeo to walk off the course and quit. I used to have
a crush on him," to which Nikki replies, "Me, too". I want to
remember you just as you are". I wish I could be you, so I could
show you what an idiot you've become. I'll make a strudel". I'm
fakin' it". I'm never gonna get another first love. Ian Keith
plays a French military attaché in Madrid who romantically
pursues the wives of various government officials. Ian and Toula
find their marriage strained because Toula has the same obsessive
drive to "fix" whatever goes wrong in her family, due to her
daughter treating her like she no longer needs her and her family
constantly asking Toula to do it, causing her and Ian to find
little time for each other. Ian and Toula watch Gus and Maria
recite their vows, while Paris and Bennett slow-dance at the prom
and share their first kiss. Ian comforts Carmen, who is
distressed over missing her mother's labor. Ian decides to make
it up to Anthony by beating up his past self. Ian prefers Carmen
to Julia, who pursues him. Ian proposes to her, and Toula
accepts. Ian then realizes and tells Toula that she forged it to
make her father happy. Ian, wanting to be with Toula, agrees to
be baptized in the Greek Orthodox Church, an act which earns
Gus's grudging respect and the acceptance of the rest of the
family. If Art is attracted to Liz, she stays very cold and
distant, seeing him as nothing more than a gigolo who hit the
jackpot. If Bill works for 30 days at the family dairy business
without making a single mistake, mr Norman will finance his
expedition. If David is declared an alien, the Navy could be
forced to move. If Jim wins, Wu will be able to keep the prize
money, but has to sell Herbie back for a dollar. If Jon wants to
lose himself, he has to be willing to lose himself to another
person and she has to be willing to lose herself to him. If any
couple fails to attend, it will be taken as an indication that
they want to leave, and a refund for Eden will be given, although
not for their airfare. If anyone misses just one question, the
contestant loses all that was won to that point. If either party
does not cooperate, the money will be tied up in litigation by
the judge. If he can make any woman fall in love with him before
the upcoming company ball, in just 10 days, he can head the
advertising for the new diamond company. If it passes, however,
Shepherd's re-election is presumed by his staff to be a shoo-in,
and Shepherd resolves to announce the bill, and the Congressional
support to pass it, by the State of the Union. If not, he will
quit the theater and go into his uncle's meatpacking business. If
not, he will tell her father where she is. If the court
determines that Daniel has conquered his fears, he will be sent
on to the next phase of existence, where he will be able to use
more of his brain and thus be able to experience more of what the
universe has to offer. If the crew get caught in the storms, they
could be lost forever. If they cannot come up with the money in
twelve days, Bessie will be auctioned off to the highest bidder.
If they do not both find true love by the time Lucy turns thirty,
then they will both jump off the Brooklyn Bridge. If they don't
not dance, they will get fired and have to pay nearly up 3,000
dollars for the cruise, or get thrown off the ship. If they
remembered, they would see that in their children as being more
important than any racial problem. If they work at the marriage
but still want to divorce after six months, each will be
permitted to keep half the winnings. Ignoring her advice,
Scarlett embarks on a summer fling with Michael. Ignoring her
heart, Mary persuades Fran to go ahead with the wedding. Ignoring
the situation he takes out the ring and gets ready to propose.
Igor Sullivan (Thomas Ian Nicholas) tells his new story to a film
producer James Ford (Tom Arnold). Illyria wins the game when
Viola scores a goal, finally humiliating Justin and the rest of
the Cornwall boys. Imagining the worst, she accuses Philip of
being unfaithful and reports his alleged infidelity to her
father. Immediately Fred quits his job as a clerk and they leave
on a cruise for "the Orient". Immediately after, 'Harold' and
Peggy become a couple. Immediately seeing an opportunity, Joe
proposes getting an exclusive interview. Imogen's fear of lost
youth causes her to push away from Al, and they go their separate
ways after Imogen cheats on Al at a party. Imperceptively, she
caters to his every whim, even sending her in his absence on a
date with his girlfriend, breaking her heart a little.
Impetuously deciding to do a good deed, she gives Nelson the
business card that George Prescott, the struggling lawyer, had
given her, and tells him that George is her husband. Impoverished
Lord Paul Menford spies her without the hideous disguise and
falls in love with her immediately. Impressed by Bob's behavior,
Acuña grants him permission to court Maria. Impressed by his
designs, on their day off she shows them to an executive with one
of Buchanan's competitors, but he recognizes Buchanan's style,
leading to her arrest for theft. Impressed by his eclectic
knowledge of music, Charlotte, who is a gifted singer-songwriter,
asks Will to manage her rock/ska band. Impressed by his handling
of the children, she agrees to another date. Impressed by his
heroics and modesty, Kimberly immediately falls in love with
Darryl and she kisses him causing him to have an erection.
Impressed with d'Artagnan's willfulness and secretly glad to be
rid of Milady, the Cardinal destroys the letter and writes a new
order, giving the bearer a promotion to lieutenant in the
Tréville company of musketeers, leaving the name blank.
Impressed, Stacey begins a new friendship with Mike by
apologizing for their prior run in but explains that he was
protecting his sister, and, seeing how much Mike likes her, gives
him advice on how to win her heart. Impressed, the directors hire
Sharpay as the lead in A Girl's Best Friend, however, Sharpay
only accepts the role on the condition that Boi and Countess
split the role of the best friend equally. Improbably, they are
falling in love. In "The Anklet", it's a magical alabaster pot
the girl purchased with her own money that brings her the gowns
and the anklets she wears to the ball. In "When the Clock
Strikes" (from Red As Blood), Tanith Lee had the sorcerous shoe
alter shape whenever a woman tried to put it on, so it would not
fit. In 1593 London, William Shakespeare is a sometime player in
the Lord Chamberlain's Men and poor playwright for Philip
Henslowe, owner of The Rose Theatre. In 1625 France, d'Artagnan
(a poor young nobleman) leaves his family in Gascony and travels
to Paris to join the Musketeers of the Guard. In 1668 Jamaica,
Morgan Adams (Geena Davis) hunts down her uncle and fellow pirate
Dawg Brown (Frank Langella), who has captured her father, Black
Harry (Harris Yulin). In 16th-century France, Auguste de Barbarac
(Jeroen Krabbé) is a widower and the father of eight-year-old
Danielle (Anna Maguire). In 1850, backwoodsman Adam Pontipee
comes into a town in the Oregon Territory to search for a bride.
In 1861, Countess Angelina, ruler of Bergamo in southeastern
Europe, marries Mario, a baron she has known since childhood. In
1908 the Earl of Burnstead (Roland Young) gambles away his
eminently correct English manservant, Marmaduke Ruggles (Charles
Laughton). In 1912 New Orleans, a seamstress, Eudora, is reading
the story of The Frog Prince to her daughter, Tiana, and her
friend, Charlotte La Bouff. In 1913, spinster Miss Bentley
(Vanessa Redgrave) enjoyed spending her summer holiday in Lake
Como, Italy, with her father before World War The year is now
1937, and her father has recently died. In 1928, a globally
famous illusionist, Wei Ling Soo, performs in front of a crowd in
Berlin with his world-class magic act. In 1936 London, mature
showgirl Julia Packett (Greer Garson) leads a precarious life. In
1940, while on a cruise, stodgy, overly frugal businessman Larry
Wilson (William Powell) gets hit on the head with an oar while
rescuing a drunk 'Doc' Ryan (Frank McHugh) from the water. In
1947, a United States congressional committee which includes prim
Phoebe Frost of Iowa (Jean Arthur) arrives in post-World War II
Berlin to visit the American troops stationed there. In 1954
Baltimore, Wade "Cry-Baby" Walker is the leader of a gang of
"drapes", which includes his sister Pepper, a teenage mother;
Mona "Hatchet Face" Malnorowski, who is facially disfigured;
Wanda Woodward, who is constantly embarrassed by her post World
War II normal parents; and Milton Hackett, Hatchet Face's devoted
boyfriend. In 1958, Katey Miller (Romola Garai), her parents
(Sela Ward and John Slattery), and her younger sister Susie (Mika
Boorem) arrive in Cuba during the Cuban revolution. In 1960s San
Francisco, Andy Hobart (Tony Roberts) does everything he can to
keep his struggling, two-man, radical underground newspaper, the
Nitty Gritty, going; he steals food from the supermarket and
other people's laundry from the dry cleaners, and holds off his
creditors, especially the landlord, mrs MacKaninee (Elizabeth
Allen), and his printer, mr Karlson (Artie Lewis). In 1964, in
Erie, Pennsylvania, aspiring jazz drummer Guy Patterson (Tom
Everett Scott) is asked by Jimmy Mattingly (Johnathon Schaech)
and Lenny Haise (Steve Zahn) to sit in with their band at an
annual talent show, after their regular drummer breaks his arm
trying to jump over a parking meter. In 1967 in Dublin, the
unexpected death of Agnes Browne's husband sends her family,
consisting of seven children aged between two and fourteen, into
emotional turmoil and financial crisis. In 1968, Bobby Fontana
(Lewis Smith), a young greaser-type rebel, challenges Joe Barnes
(Mark Metcalf) to a game of chicken for making a pass at his
girlfriend Emily (Jane Kaczmarek). In 1968, Jim Douglas is a
down-on-his luck racing driver, reduced to competing in
demolition derby races against drivers half his age. In 1969, the
movie No. In 1976 San Francisco, 15-year-old aspiring cartoonist
Minnie begins keeping an audio diary. In 1981, Camp Firewood, a
summer camp located near Waterville, Maine, is preparing for its
last day of camp. In 1982, Connor and Jenny were very close as
children; she gave him his first instant camera which he used to
take her picture, promising to keep it forever. In 1982, Roald
Dahl rewrote the story in a more modern and gruesome way in his
book Revolting Rhymes. In 1985, 16-year-old high school student
Ted Stroehmann (Ben Stiller) lands a prom date with his dream
girl Mary Jensen (Cameron Diaz), which is cancelled after a
painful and embarrassing zipper accident. In 1985, Robbie Hart
(Adam Sandler) is an engaging and entertaining wedding singer
from Ridgefield, New Jersey. In 1988, Danny Maccabee (Adam
Sandler), a 22-year old man, leaves his wedding right before the
ceremony is about to begin after learning that his fiancee is
cheating on him, and was only marrying because he was going to be
a doctor and provide her with a comfortable lifestyle. In 1991, a
confused João wakes up and tries to go to his apartment, but
finds that the key does not match. In 1991, the João in the
spaceman suit finds the original-future João and the young João
in their meeting; this last one faints of the impression. In
1995, Chris Brander (Ryan Reynolds) is an overweight high school
student with a lisp, braces, and a "gentle giant" demeanor who
secretly has a huge romantic crush on his classmate and best
friend Jamie Palamino (Amy Smart). In 1995, Richard Conlon's play
Anastasia and Drizella was produced at Chicago's Temporary
Theatre. In 1998, Helmut settles down with a girl who wants a
baby with him, but Helmut travels one more time to Berlin to meet
Britta for one last time. In 2002, Lainey (Alison Brie) causes a
scene in a dorm. In 2002, Marni Olsen (Kristen Bell) is an acne-
riddled high school sophomore in Ridgecrest, California, with
glasses and braces, making a video about how much she hates high
school, and reveals how she is tormented and bullied by other
children, specifically J-J the high school mean girl (Odette
Yustman), who made Marni's high school life miserable. In 2003,
Darrin has grown up to become a successful advertising executive
in New York City with a bad habit of lying. In 2004, the
theatrical version of Mickey and the Beanstalk was released as a
bonus feature on the Walt Disney Treasures set Mickey Mouse In
Living Color, Volume Two. In 2010, Gil Pender, a successful but
creatively unfulfilled Hollywood screenwriter, and his fiancée
Inez, are in Paris vacationing with Inez's wealthy, conservative
parents. In 2011, João "Zero", a bitter but brilliant physicist,
spends his days brooding over a fateful night 20 years before
when he was publicly betrayed and humiliated at a college party
by his then-girlfriend, Helena. In 2011, after João enters the
time machine and disappears, the spaceman João emerges, and
destroys the source code of the time machine. In 2014, Bad Wolf
Press published a musical version called Cinderella: A Modern
Makeover, a fractured interpretation of the story featuring a
more positive "blended family" home life as well as a heroine
trying to get her dream job at the palace instead of a marriage
proposal. In Agloe, they discover Margo is living in an old,
dilapidated barn. In Athens, Theseus, Hippolyta and the lovers
watch the six workmen perform Pyramus and Thisbe. In Boston, Ally
Darling (Anna Faris) is a thirty-something woman who is
struggling to make better decisions with her life. In Chinatown,
Buster films the outbreak of a Tong War, narrowly escaping death
on several occasions. In Colombo, the couple accidentally and
awkwardly end up next to each other in a rickshaw. In Dublin, a
working-class family has been unsuccessful in convincing their
son to get a real job: the son prefers his job of scooping up
horse's dung and selling it for flower gardens. In Duke's cabin,
Chester takes the money back and puts it in a safe, which turns
out to be a porthole. In Ely's bedroom, Bruce discovers his X-Men
comics and the two start bonding. In Emily Short's 2006
interactive fiction short story Glass, it is Cinderella herself
who has magical powers, and neither her stepmother nor her
stepsisters are malicious. In Europe, Vronsky and Anna struggle
to find friends who will accept them. In Greece, with just a
little effort on her part, she rediscovers everything she had
been missing about her existence in England. In Hawaii, Consuelo
Cordoba (Lupe Velez) is a risque nightclub act and due to her
involvement with a group of sailors becomes a beauty queen. In
Heaven (which resembles a modern police headquarters), angels are
tasked with ensuring that mortals on Earth find love. In Heaven,
Gabriel's secretary begs him to intervene, but he refuses. In
Hell, Satan regains his body and recommends that Nicky go back to
Earth. In Hollywood there is difficulty with the player chosen to
replace Bill and eventually Bill finally appears at the Studio to
rejoin Sylvia in the film's closing sequence to sing 'Our Big
Love Scene'. In Hollywood, Dodd meets Lester Plum (Joan
Blondell), a cheerful former child star currently working as a
stand-in for Cheri. In Hong Kong, he meets Joan Ames (Kay
Francis), a terminally-ill woman, in a bar. In Ireland, Jerry
Kelly (George Murphy) marries his sweetheart, Nellie Noonan (Judy
Garland) over the objections of her ne'er-do-well father, Michael
Noonan (Charles Winninger), who swears never to speak to Jerry
again, even though he reluctantly accompanies the newlyweds to
America, where Jerry becomes a policeman, and all three become
citizens. In Jody, he sees the idealism he once had, while Jody
starts to face her own sexual hang-ups as she begins to get
aroused by the porn she so harshly judges. In Joe's fantasy the
Masked Avenger looked like a hero, but in reality the voice actor
(Wallace Shawn) was short and bald. In June 2000, Henry Hart, a
gay, successful artist living in New York, receives a call from
his old friend Grace Cornwell, a kindergarten teacher in his
hometown, who tells him that his grandfather Sam suffered a
stroke. In Kadir, Omar intends to use a smoke-and-mirror-special
effect to convince onlookers that he is the prophet who will
unite the Arab world. In Katie Woodencloak, the stepmother drives
her from home, and she likewise finds such a job. In La
Cenerentola, Gioachino Rossini inverted the sex roles:
Cenerentola is oppressed by her stepfather. In Las Vegas, Doc
places a bet with the manager of the Kismet Lounge, Fabian Fazzo,
that Mickey did not fake his own disappearance. In Las Vegas,
Ralph, an easygoing slob, works as a lounge singer/piano player
in a casino. In Latin America, Larry O'Brien (Douglas Fairbanks,
Jr) sees Diane Forsythe (Loretta Young) and quickly falls in
love. In London in 1750, renowned English actor David Garrick
announces onstage that he has been invited to Paris to work with
the prestigious Comédie-Française. In London, at his and Chloe's
engagement party, Johnny breaks up with Chloe in front of the
guests. In Los Angeles, popular songwriter Steve Elliott (Red
Skelton) prepares to marry Caroline Brooks (Esther Williams), who
has pledged to give up her job as a college swimming instructor
once she has wed. In March 1996, DemocraticS. In May 1959, in the
town of Cape Anne, Maine, a foul-up by the Eastern & Portland
Railroad (E&P) results in the death of 300 lobsters shipped by
Jane Osgood (Doris Day), an attractive, widowed businesswoman
with two children. In Michigan, Violet settles into her new job
nicely under her professor Winton Childs (Rhys Ifans). In
Mukhsin, Jason and the adult Orked are shown to be living
together. In Mumbai, he spies on an business woman named Raina
Parulekar (Dipannita Sharma) who is paranoid for everything. In
Naples, Michael discovers that his brother had a son, nine-year-
old Nando, who is being cared for by his maternal aunt Lucia
(Loren), a cabaret singer. In New Orleans, Judith and Harley
complete the business deal and go dancing and sightseeing. In New
York City, 1922, flapper Millie Dillmount (Julie Andrews) is
determined to find work as a stenographer to a wealthy
businessman and then marry him – a "thoroughly modern" goal. In
New York City, George Petty (Robert Cummings) tries to convince
car manufacturer Manton to use pretty women to help advertise his
dreary new car model. In New York City, a news report is
broadcast informing the world that a mission to stop an incoming
asteroid has failed, and that the asteroid will make impact in
three weeks, destroying all life on Earth. In New York City, he
takes her to nightclub after nightclub. In New York City, high-
strung equity trader Joy Ellis McNally (Cameron Diaz) is dumped
by her fiancé at a surprise birthday party she throws for him. In
New York, Andy encounters an old female friend, Betsy Booth (Judy
Garland), who happens to have a crush on him. In New York,
Boullard is shocked to find out that Lauren has become an
intimidating career woman, working as a psychologist. In New
York, Rosie and Marie meet two businessmen, Samuel Warren (Hobart
Cavanaugh) and Jim Cameron (T. In New York, Sharpay is kicked out
of her penthouse because they don't allow dogs. In New York, the
East Side youth gang, consisting of Muggs McGinnis (Leo Gorcey),
Danny Collins (Bobby Jordan), Glimpy Stone (Huntz Hall), Scruno
(Ernest Morrison), Skinny (Bill Lawrence), and Peewee (David
Gorcey), are falsely arrested on the wharf because the truck they
are playing in was stolen. In Paris in 1910, mother cat Duchess
and her three kittens, Marie, Berlioz, and Toulouse, live with
retired opera diva Madame Adelaide Bonfamille, and her English
butler, Edgar. In Paris, Marcel reports to Junior, and Rosie
agrees to pose as dr Sascha's lover to make Junior's wife
jealous. In Paris, O'Hara and O'Toole go to have new passports
made. In Paris, Pepé is strolling and causing a disturbance with
his fumes. In Paris, both are scandalised by the Folies Bergère.
In Paris, d'Artagnan visits de Tréville at the headquarters of
the Musketeers, but without the letter, Tréville politely refuses
his application. In Paris, she uses her money to do a serious
makeover of herself. In Prague, Anna and her friend Gabrielle La
Clare (Beatrice Rosen) attend a concert, where Anna discovers
numerous agents in the crowd. In Prague, Melville cons Penelope
out of a million dollars and flees, according to plan. In Reno,
blackjack dealer "Flip" Hennahan (John Hodiak) knows where Gloria
is staying and drives Maisie to the isolated resort. In Rio
Grande do Sul, cattle theft and criminal burning torment the
farmers until the Gaúcho Negro appears, a masked knight, a
mixture of legend and vigilante. In Rio de Janeiro, Tati (Cléo
Pires) meets her boyfriend Marcelo (Dudu Azevedo) on his birthday
and he breaks-up with her, claiming that she is not romantic. In
Rio, Roger informs his good friend Julio (Raul Roulien) that he
has fallen in love, but finds out that Belinha is engaged to
Julio. In Rome, Lucy spends time with Cecil Vyse, whom she knew
in England. In Rome, Prudence checks into her boarding house and
meets a self-centered American architect, Don Porter (Troy
Donahue) whose former lover is the manipulative Lyda Kent (Angie
Dickinson). In Rossini's opera "La Cenerentola" ("Cinderella"),
the slipper is replaced by twin bracelets to prove her identity.
In September 1965, on the New England island called New Penzance,
12-year-old orphan Sam Shakusky is attending Camp Ivanhoe, a
Khaki Scout summer camp led by Scoutmaster Randy Ward. In Terry
Pratchett's Witches Abroad, the witches accuse another witch of
manipulating the events because it was a common shoe size, and
she could only ensure that the right woman put it on if she
already knew where she was and went straight to her. In The
Thousand Nights and A Night, in a tale called "The Anklet", the
stepsisters make a comeback by using twelve magical hairpins to
turn the bride into a dove on her wedding night. In The Wonderful
Birch, the stepmother, a witch, manages to substitute her
daughter for the true bride after she has given birth. In
Toronto, 22-year-old Scott Pilgrim is a bass guitarist in Sex
Bob-Omb, a floundering garage band. In Turkey, she immerses
herself in an archaeological dig under Professor Nasrin Mehani
(Shohreh Aghdashloo), who notices how glibly Bridget treats the
past. In Venice they spend the night in st Mark's Basilica,
sleeping in the confessionals, until a chance meeting with the
Duryeas sets them on the run again hours before sunset. In
Venice, after checking in with agents Weiss and Morales—who are
now growing closer romantically—Ben joins Anna and McGruff and
together they explore the city. In Verona the travelers go out to
dinner together, where Bob Duryea discovers that his wallet has
been stolen. In Vienna, Baroness Teri von Horhenfels (Kay
Francis) relieves the boredom of her marriage to her rich but
dull husband (Henry Kolker) with love affairs. In Vienna,
Lieutenant Nikolaus "Niki" von Preyn (Maurice Chevalier) meets
Franzi (Claudette Colbert), the leader of an all-female-
orchestra. In Westport, Connecticut, Augie and Isolde Poole
celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary by turning in an
application to the Rock-a-Bye adoption agency. In Wilmington,
Delaware, Anna Thompson sells beauty products to doctors but her
company lets her go when her performance is not up to par. In a
German prison camp, the two become friends when Phelps takes
responsibility for an unflattering caricature he drew of a guard,
rather than let O'Gaffney take the blame. In a Renaissance-era
world, a beautiful young woman named Buttercup lives on a farm in
the country of Florin. In a Trieste gambling casino, the cynical
Count Armalia (George Zucco) tells his snobbish friend Rudi Pal
(Robert Young) that the only thing separating aristocrats from
peasants is luck. In a bit of Pygmalion, Pete teaches Winnifred
to feel comfortable with herself. In a café, she's befriended by
a kindhearted but ornery waiter, Wechsberg (William Bendix), and
meets a bearded struggling attorney, George Prescott (Tom Drake).
In a cage at a zoo, he makes a documentary showing how the
visitors appear to the animals. In a campfire, more worried about
his horse than about her, Duke discovers his horse Sammy's
blanket has been borrowed by Molly and is furious with her when
Sammy catches cold. In a charming scene, Jane and George are
shown singing an original song, "Be Prepared", to a pack of local
cub scouts at a forested picnic. In a complex way, Izzy helps to
cheer her up after seeing her crying from her balcony. In a
contentious conversation, Tony forces David to leave and visit
Connie, and this selfless act attracts Gerry and convinces her
that Tony is a good guy after all. In a conversation with his
aunt Vanessa, who by then has recovered from her car accident,
Stanley comes to the self-realization that he is in love with
Sophie. In a deep slump, Wilder goes back to the Kwik Foto
(surrounded by the carnival) while Vida stays at the firehouse.
In a desperate bid for happiness Boris and Betty decide to stage
her death and run away together. In a desperate move to win
Rosemary back, Gabe attempts to show off for Rosemary, but
painfully fractures his hand in the process. In a discussion
between O'Malley and O'Dowd without Fitzgibbon present, it is
revealed that O’Malley was sent by the bishop to take charge of
the affairs of the parish, but that Fitzgibbon is to remain as
pastor. In a dream sequence, Katie does an underwater ballet with
cartoon characters Tom and Jerry, as well as animated depictions
of the different people in her life. In a drunken accident, Uncle
Hubert runs the yacht onto a reef in the fog. In a field, they
smoke weed and find out more about one another. In a fit of anger
at the laser's destruction, he has an epiphany that solves the
power problem. In a fit of jealousy at spotting her ex-husband
with another woman, Marsha picks up Alexander Darvac (Gig Young)
in a bar and accompanies him to a gambling spot, which is raided.
In a hallway near Praetorius's office, she shoots herself. In a
jealous rage, Frankie challenges The Potato Bug to a drag race,
in hopes of winning Dee Dee back. In a last-ditch effort to
secure the money, Sherman quickly works on a newer, much more
potent formula while his mental faculties allow him to. In a log
cabin where a few students are playing strip poker, Katie again
attempts to talk to Stifler, who again brushes her off. In a
lucky turn of events the group is able to escape from the station
after stealing an officer's gun and locking them in a cell. In a
medical rehabilitation facility, Maggie looks forward to a visit
from her family, but they arrive accompanied by an attorney and
only after having first visited Disneyland and Universal Studios
Hollywood; their only concern is to transfer Maggie's assets to
them. In a men's club steamroom, Van overhears Bill talking about
his experience with Ellen and the two of them realize that they
were dealing with the same woman. In a mid-credits scene,
everyone is at The Oasis to watch Ryan in his big league start
with the Phillies. In a mid-credits scene, the film returns to
Eliot catching Cecil about to leave with Dan for Cincinnati. In a
moment of emotional confusionor clarityhe asks Julie to try on
the ring, and it gets stuck. In a moment of passion, they kiss
but Ely immediately regrets it and apologises. In a moment of
remembered passion, they kiss. In a monologue delivered to the
camera Nola reveals that her vow of celibacy and her decision to
be with Jamie exclusively was "a moment of weakness". In a
narrated scene, Phil brings the baby to Justine who is deep in
thought on the bed. In a panic, Jennifer interrupts Wallace's
victory speech, imploring him to help her escape. In a panic,
Opie accidentally crashes his car into a tree, and Andy
volunteers his car to take them to the hospital. In a parallel
plot line, Oberon, king of the fairies, and Titania, his queen,
have come to the forest outside Athens. In a parallel story,
Lindsay is married to Paul, her affluent, conventional husband.
In a ploy for publicity, Newman has pitched Oscar and Peter in a
neck-and-neck competition with their archrivals and former
colleagues, the hugely successful Decker and Strauss (Bob Balaban
and John McGinley). In a post credits scene, it is revealed that
Zack and Miri have married, and with the help of Delaney and his
worker's compensation settlement, start their own video
production company, Zack and Miri Make Your Porno, which makes
amateur videos for couples. In a post-apocalyptic future, a male
zombie still in the early stages of decay lives in a community of
the Dead in an abandoned airport near the city. In a post-credit
sequence, Newman's wife Olivia (Kelly Rowan) convinces him to go
with Oscar and Peter's design, revealing that she knew about him
and Amy and informing him bluntly that Oscar and Peter did the
better job. In a post-credits scene, Ian marries Brad with
Anthony crying in the background. In a post-credits scene, Lucas
gets a new idea when his neighbor introduces Lucas to his new
pet, a duck named Howard. In a post-credits scene, Marc and Kyle
are shown shirtless, making out in his bed; it is implied they
are about to have sex. In a post-credits scene, Zeke (Chris
Warren Jr) paces alone in the gym as Sharpay runs in declaring
the cookies she rejected from him earlier "genius". In a post-
credits scene, the crew's flag pole on Mars is shown missing its
flag. In a post-credits scene, then-famed bicyclist Lance
Armstrong is seen reading Dupree's motivation book, 7 Different
Kinds of Smoke: Living, Loving, and Finding your Inner "-ness".
In a rage, she drives to Jamie's house and crashes through her
fence, destroying her family's Christmas decorations. In a rapid
piece of exposition, we learn Gladys has been in New York City
for two years, coming from a job at a shoe factory in Binghamton,
New York. In a restaurant, Jeff and Orville eat heartily, while
trying to figure out how to get past the knife-wielding owner
without paying. In a rough area in Los Angeles, an aspiring poet
has spent six months without leaving his apartment because of his
obsessive delusions concerning cruel doctors, rappers, and
spiders. In a running joke, Moustache (Lou Jacobi), a seemingly
ordinary barkeeper, tells of a storied prior life &ndash;
claiming to have been, among other things, an attorney, a
colonel, and a doctor, ending with the repeated line, "But that's
another story". In a scene exclusive to television and Netflix
showings, Sharpay's twin brother Ryan (Lucas Grabeel), on a break
from his musical tour around the country, pays her a visit after
she became a star on Broadway to congratulate her. In a scene
involving the team physical, Jamal has to disguise himself as the
team mascot in order to avoid being found out by the team
physician. In a scene near the end when he is in a motel room
with another woman, Jocelyn, a wealthy divorcee, Paul hears
sirens approaching. In a scene reminiscent of the opening
sequence, Lenny is challenged to a chicken race at the local
quarry by Fred, Sharon's former boyfriend. In a second epilogue
(filmed with claymation), Robert and Celine retrieve the suitcase
full of money and settle in their new castle in Scotland. In a
self-destructive impulse, Alice tries to sleep with her sister's
husband Peter. In a separate side story, he’s conflicted about
love lost: a woman named Betty Tobin (Marj Dusay). In a short
time, the angel's wing is fully healed, allowing her to take
flight and return to the pearly gates. In a small town in
Virginia, Barbara Kent, is being forced into a marriage with a
missionary reformer by her socially prominent parents. In a state
of confusion, Graham is left wandering naked on a beach where he
falls asleep. In a story loosely based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's
short novel The Gambler, Nick Nolte plays Lionel Dobie, an
acclaimed abstract artist who finds himself unable to paint
during the days before the scheduled beginning of a major gallery
exhibition of his new work. In a subplot, Lewis' wife Betty is
pregnant with their first child, and is in her third trimester as
the wedding date approaches. In a subplot, the guys meet Perez
Hilton on an airplane. In a subway, Phil determines that Felton
obtained the flash drive to blackmail Crenshaw. In a surprising
twist, Sheila's ex-husband, Mike, arrives, and Angela immediately
starts a fight until he leaves the women alone to go see the
guys. In a very tense scene one evening, Cathy encourages Michael
to kiss Lina. In accordance with the terms of the wager, Wu takes
over Thorndyke's car dealership (hiring Tennessee as his
assistant), while Thorndyke and Havershaw are relegated to lowly
mechanics. In actuality, she is expressing doubts about him,
particularly her new name of Julia Gulia and imagines herself as
Robbie's bride would be nice, hence her imagined glee. In
addition to dealing with several eccentric customers, including
mobster Chick Chicalini (Richard Lewis) and filmmaker Franz Mazur
(Robert Downey Jr), Hugo must care for her needy parents Minerva
(Cathy Moriarty) and Henry (Malcolm McDowell). In addition to his
legendary tales of combat heroism, Carter has dashing good looks
and unparalleled speed and skill on the field. In addition to the
artists a meat packing company sends two men to investigate what
made Esmeralda give birth to so many piglets and to bring the
secret back to increase meat production. In addition, Hank sells
his trailer and moves in with Sam and Lydia, along with Maurey
and Shannon who decide to permanently move in. In addition, Matt
realizes he wants to marry Kitty after all, and gets her to agree
to it. In addition, Mother owes a payment on a bank note to Harry
Watters (Jason Robards). In addition, Scott and Charlie reveal
the truth to Lucy, Charlie's younger half-sister (the daughter of
Laura and Neil) about Scott being Santa Claus. In addition, all
is not quite well with Anna and Vronsky. In addition, although
they are sleeping together and unmarried, neither is concerned
about the possibility of children, and certain dialog could
suggest that they are using birth control. In addition, he of
course win the girl, who turns out to be a detective in service
to Uncle Sam. In addition, in her dream world she sings as the
gods and manages to conquer Felix (Pablo Martínez), her class
companion whom which she's madly in love with. In addition, she
reveals that Sharpay, Ryan, Kelsi, and Troy have all been
considered for a scholarship at Juilliard School, but only one of
them is to be chosen. In addition, the church is about to undergo
an expansion, and a reformed Paulina rejoins the choir, having
become more open to those who join. In addition, the commissioner
takes the responsibility of clearing up the Carter controversy to
set an example for the new direction of professional football. In
addition, there is no fairy godmother, but rather help comes from
a wishing tree that she planted on her mother's grave. In
addition, though he and his wife have been having affairs with
each other's knowledge for years, they must still present a happy
façade in the interest of maintaining a good public image. In
addition, throughout the film, Luca is desperately trying to get
back in favour with his literature teacher (Giorgio Faletti), who
will be the teacher sitting in on his oral exams. In agreement
with a pact they made in their youth, the two decide to have a
baby ("gayby") together, even though Jenn is straight and Matt is
gay. In all the excitement, Jamal loses his wig, revealing that
he is in fact Jamal Jeffries. In all three plots, characters
played by the small and slight Buster Keaton and handsome bruiser
Wallace Beery compete for the attention of the same woman, played
by Margaret Leahy. In an afterlife-like state, the boys watch as
a father tells his son (a young Bhagat Singh) about gardening. In
an argument about who can buy the carpets between the women and
Kay, the carpets are pulled from Rene and he runs away in his
underwear. In an attempt to fix his problems, Matt vows to
abstain from sexual stimulation, including masturbation, for the
40 days and 40 nights of Lent. In an attempt to force Sean to
confront Will, Mary Kate leaves him and boards a train departing
Castletown and headed to Dublin. In an attempt to get Thea to
admit her lie to her family, her little sister Emma throws Thea a
surprise baby shower. In an attempt to get an author Suzie
Cavandish to publish a book with the company, he takes Thea to a
meeting with the author. In an attempt to help out his new
friend, Viktor, Kaminsky tries to get the agency to change from
the hunting idea to something else, which inadvertently gets him
let go from the firm. In an attempt to leave, Ben reveals they
have prepared a "duet" and instructs his friends not to let her
leave the room. In an attempt to make him jealous, she pretends
to be waiting for wealthy, thrice-married playboy Roger Sanford
(Franchot Tone), who happens to be her employer and Madison's
university classmate. In an attempt to put herself out there, she
attends a Wesleyan alumni networking event, where she hits it off
with a man named David (Damon Wayans, Jr). In an attempt to
restore The Bible, Rob and his friends resolve to find all of the
people who originally wrote it in order to recreate it, starting
with the original creator, Noah Levenstein. In an attempt to save
the marriage, William suggests that the couple return to San
Francisco (where they met a year and a half ago) for four days
and retrace all of their steps to include getting married. In an
effort to avoid their families at Christmas, the two go on
vacation abroad while pretending to be doing charity work there.
In an effort to keep the store independent, Lucas takes the day's
cash receipts totaling $9,000 to a casino in Atlantic City in an
attempt to quadruple it via gambling. In an effort to make the
others jealous, Kitty, Johnny, Brooke, Michael, Elizabeth and
Rodney begin their romance. In an effort to prevent Mary from
making a huge mistake, Nora tells her that motivation makes her a
whore, and Mary retorts that she would rather be that than a
spinster like Nora. In an epilogue, Gabriel frees O'Reilly and
Jackson from a pair of body bags. In an epilogue, it is revealed
that Jimmy went back to Play-Tone and forms another band (The
Heardsmen) and has a successful career as an artist and producer,
Lenny becomes a casino manager, and the bass player earns a
Purple Heart for injuries suffered at Khe Sanh. In an episode of
Jim Henson's The Storyteller, writer Anthony Minghella merged the
old folk tale Donkeyskin (also written by Perrault) with
Cinderella to tell the tale of Sapsorrow, a girl both cursed and
blessed by destiny. In an extended hell for leather race amongst
a variety of obstacles, their tank wins against Col. In an inn,
the musketeers overhear the Cardinal asking Milady to murder the
Duke of Buckingham, a supporter of the Protestant rebels at La
Rochelle who has sent troops to assist them. In an interview with
Xtranormal, J Roland Kelly describes the film as ". In an odd
twist of fate Verónica sees Carmelo at a gay rally, and assumes
that he is gay. In an opening scene, a group of men are
interviewed regarding Christina Walters (Cameron Diaz) who
introduce her as a player and a user of men in the swinging
singles market. In an unspecified Victorian-era village somewhere
in Europe, Victor Van Dort (Johnny Depp), the son of nouveau
riche fish merchants, and Victoria Everglot (Emily Watson), the
neglected daughter of hateful aristocrats, are preparing for
their arranged marriage, which will simultaneously raise the
social class of Victor's parents and restore the wealth of
Victoria's penniless family. In anger, Lee shatters her sister's
romance by revealing her previous affair with Kendall, after
which Lee tries to return to Howard. In anger, the woman kills
the hotel maid, thinking she is killing the leader. In another
scene, Kitty teaches her friend how to get her husband to pay
attention to her. In another session, Dashiell reveals that he
had met Ramona coincidentally after a meeting, and that they had
had sex. In between he lies low and goes on the defensive. In
between her blossoming romance with Flip, Maisie discovers she
has been duped and sets out to get evidence to convince Gloria
that she is being manipulated. In between video games, glasses of
milk, pain and disappointment, they all need to learn how to live
together. In both storylines, Helen is taken to hospital and
loses her baby. In celebration of maintaining Empire Records'
independence and their victory against "the man", the staff ends
the long and eventful day with a dance party on the store's roof.
In class, Lube has a vivid fantasy about a group of cheerleaders,
particularly one named Ashley. In closing, Terry says, "If you
can paint, I can walk; anything can happen, don't you think. In
college, his next serious girlfriend's ex-boyfriend wooed her
during a pep rally by announcing that he would abandon Lacrosse
in favor of attending her audition to Juilliard. In college, the
two made an agreement that if neither of them were married by the
time they turned 28, they would marry each other. In compensation
for the jail time, Welbach has been sent on various errands by
Margolese's prickly second-in-command, Bernie Nayman. In
consoling her, Nick ends up back at the Bells' house, where he
and Mary both cheat on their respective spouses by having sex. In
contrast to the hotel's rules, they forbid any romance, with
mouth mutilation as punishment. In contrast, Lawrence's latest
academic tome has been universally rejected. In court for
divorce, Helen lets Charles keep all the money and property,
provided he pay Brian's attorney fees. In court, Judge Bryson
(Granville Bates), the same judge who had Ellen declared legally
dead and also married Nick and Bianca, annuls the second
marriage. In court, Marylin feigns an emotional breakdown over
Rex's infidelity, professing that she loved Rex unconditionally
at first sight. In court, he persists in defending his actions
and commits more blunders in the process. In court, they are
initially mad at each other, but they soon realize they still
love each other. In daytime, they work as salesgirls at the
Ginsberg's department store, and at night they vie for the
attention of their colleague Bill (James Hall) and fight over
Janie's selfish and reckless behavior, such as stealing Mayme's
clothes and hitchhiking to work with strangers. In despair at
this deceit, Sonia asks Camille if she will help. In desperation
her management team, led by Steve Korbitz (Michael Urie), decide
to stage a fake wedding, hoping the paparazzi will fall for the
scam and leave the island. In desperation, Butch produces a
forged marriage certificate showing that Valentine and Jonathan
are husband and wife. In desperation, Elizabeth agrees to marry
her friend John Sloan (Reginald Gardiner), who has a farm in
Connecticut, even though she does not love him. In desperation,
Jimmy asks any woman he comes across. In desperation, Kate finds
she is able to talk to Henry through his pet parrot and gets him
to meet Ashley at the airport. In desperation, and as a result of
his agent telling him that "no one will hire you", he dresses as
a woman, auditions as "Dorothy Michaels" and gets the part. In
desperation, financier Richard Gresham (Edward Arnold), who is
planning to issue $50 million in Taronian bonds, hires unemployed
lookalike actress Nancy Lane (Sidney again) to impersonate the
princess, and offers her a large bonus if she changes the mind of
the chief opponent of the financial transaction, newspaper
publisher Porter Madison III (Cary Grant). In desperation, having
used all of the paper on his desk to no success, he uses the
lipstick-marked paper, although this fails as well when a gust of
wind tugs it from his hands. In desperation, he sends Colonel
Homer Gooch (Jim Backus) to see the President. In desperation, he
turns to his crooked brother-in-law, Oscar, who ends up getting
Eddie involved with loan sharks. In disgust, Daniel strips his
daughter of her magical powers, and vows to return her to the
tree that imprisoned them. In drag, he is actually able to talk
to Cynthia one on one which, (until she is injured later on), he
is not able to do because he is intimidated by her good looks. In
early 1960s New York City, Barbara Novak arrives in town at
Banner House to present her new work, Down with Love, a book the
intent of which is to free women from love, teach them to enjoy
sex without commitment, and to replace the need for a man with
things such as chocolate. In early September 1962 in Modesto,
California, on the last evening of summer vacation, recent high
school graduates and longtime friends, Curt Henderson and Steve
Bolander, meet John Milner, the drag-racing king of the town, and
Terry "The Toad" Fields in the parking lot of the local Mel's
Drive-In diner. In eighteen months' time, his regency will be
over and he will be a free citizen. In exchange for the money
needed, Tiana accepts, but when she kisses Naveen, she is turned
into a frog herself. In fact he is taking an impression of her
very valuable diamond ring, which he later replaces with a
worthless duplicate. In fact the girl must stay in Italy for a
few months, just long enough to create a new magazine fashion
photographs before going back to work in America. In fact, if he
can't get an infusion of cash quickly, he may have to sell the
royal palace to American developers as a casino complex. In fact,
she is unknowingly working for Nazi agents who have stolen the
mine. In fact, the night previously, Dill accidentally burned
himself, and the two did not sleep together. In fact, the son of
the family, Brice (Hamish Linklater), is smitten with Sophie, and
his sister Caroline (Erica Leerhsen) and brother-in-law George
(Jeremy Shamos) are concerned Brice is considering proposing
marriage. In fact, the vacation was planned by them in order to
make Fabrizio and Lisa want to get back together. In flashback
Carrie is depicted arriving in New York City in 1986, then met
Charlotte one year later, Miranda in 1989. In flashbacks, Connie
Doyle's (Ricki Lake) early life gives an idea of her mindset. In
flying school, lazy Private Archie Hall (Robert Mitchum) somehow
dominates everyone around him, fellow trainees, sergeants and
officers alike, and manages to avoid doing any work. In front of
a gaggle of Washington reporters, he drags a protesting but
obviously willing Dottie into a waiting car, signaling that their
romance is on again. In frustration and humiliation, Basil draws
back the frying pan for a final vengeful clout. In frustration,
Eliot has a chance encounter with an office temp, Cecil (Michelle
Williams), who shares the same elevator with him while he blurts
out his unfortunate past. In gratitude for rescuing the company,
the shareholders make a gift of a solid gold Cadillac to the
happy couple. In gratitude, she gives him a beautiful ring. In
her anger, Audrey insults Conrad, saying he's peaked in life and
it's all downhill for him; Conrad walks off. In her desperation,
she commits professional blunders, but ends up finding support in
an unlikely source: her archenemy, the cameraman Pete Scanlon
(Edward Burns), with whom she once had casual sex. In her first
season as a debutante, she is expected to make an excellent match
with a man of her social standing. In her great aunt's will,
Jane's great aunt leaves Jane a trip to a Jane Austen–themed
getaway destination where Jane hopes to meet her own real life mr
Darcy. In her haste, she loses a glass slipper which the prince
finds—or else the prince has carefully had her exit tarred, so as
to catch her, and the slipper is caught in it. In her mental and
emotional confusion, she sends a telegram to Vronsky asking him
to come home to her, and then pays a visit to Dolly and Kitty. In
her quest, she comes across the disabled character Miserrimus
Dexter, a fascinating but mentally unstable genius, and his
devoted female cousin, Ariel. In her rage, she fires at the
couple multiple times. In her travels, she discovers the true
pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy, the power of prayer
in India, and, finally and unexpectedly, the inner peace and
balance of true love in Indonesia. In her way is Jonathan's
girlfriend, actress Carol Wallace (Glenda Farrell). In high
school he was stood up by his date on Prom night when her ex-
boyfriend, the most popular kid in school, swept her off her feet
while Eliot was getting drinks. In his New York City apartment, a
young boy named Josh Morrison (Austyn Lind Myers) stares through
his telescope at an object falling from the sky. In his absence,
she becomes attracted to the handsome young psalm-singing
reformer. In his apartment Robert is startled to find Sonya, who
was staying there at the invitation of Martin. In his attempt to
stop Herbie from driving off the bridge, Jim nearly falls into
the water. In his book dr Gardner's Fairy Tales for Today's
Children, dr Richard Gardener's story "Cinderelma" has the
heroine Cinderelma and the prince re-unite, then mutually decide
to separate. In his broken Portuguese he declares his love for
her and proposes. In his car, Emma engages him in conversation
and relents and lets her go, with advice that she buy Charlotte
the most expensive thing she can afford. In his confused state,
he assaults the railroad worker who finds him, for which he is
sentenced to six years in a labor camp. In his current life, he
is a representative for the Olivero & Sanchez Marketing Group in
Los Angeles and is busy travelling to visit all three of his
girlfriends to give them each a gift. In his dressing-room, he is
greeted by old friend and fellow illusionist Howard Burkan (Simon
McBurney). In his embarrassment, he has to pretend to be the
general manager, even succeeding in impersonating him to get back
at Stubbs. In his excitement, he jams the type bars of his
typewriter. In his hurry he loses control of the car and crashes
it right into the hotel where Amy stays. In his mind, Kralik
tries to reconcile the cultured woman of his letters with his
annoying coworker—secretly hoping that things might work out with
her. In his office, on Christmas Eve, he hears that his former
girlfriend, Kate, called him after many years. In his rebuttal,
Garfield compares New England Wire & Cable to the last buggy whip
manufacturer, arguing that even though the company's product may
be high quality, changing technology has rendered it obsolete. In
his rush to get there, he accidentally runs into an organ
grinder, who falls and apparently kills his monkey. In his speech
he even promises gun control, in an attempt at root-and-branch
solving of America's problems. In it, Cinderella's step sister
Anastasia gets a master's degree in finance, and her step sister
Drizella gets a master's degree in chemical engineering. In it,
Mia and Eric meet up for a one-off sexual encounter after having
broken up some time back. In it, she admits she's never been
kissed, describes the students of South Glen South, and avows her
love for Sam; the entire city is moved by it. In its bid to
further penetrate the entertainment industry, Scorpio Media is
split into 'Scorpio Movies' and 'Scorpio `Records', Kokori is
made Vice-President of Scorpio Movies while new joiner; Pride
(Beverley Naya) is appointed as the Vice-President of Scorpio
Records. In its earlier days, the friendship included a third
party. In lieu of a theme song and opening of the movie, Tashlin
instead laid traditional opening credits over faux television
commercials for products that failed to deliver what they
promised. In light of the new beginnings, R has decided to remain
“R”. In love with Peggy and afraid for her, Pete gives up all his
wages, his wristwatch and his new instruments to pay off Nelly.
In many variants of the tale, the prince is told that Cinderella
can not possibly be the one, as she is too dirty and ragged. In
near-future 2008, Los Angeles (referred to as "The Southlands" by
locals) is a city on the brink of chaos overshadowed by the
growth of an underground neo-Marxist organization. In one bar, he
even discovers the record "Blue Suede Shoes" sung by someone
named Elvis Presley on a jukebox. In one lift, Rob and Heidi
reconcile and kiss. In one part of the course, the couple has to
care for twin "creepy robot" babies. In one scene, an obviously
gay hairdresser is talking to Kitty Bellairs about her love
affairs. In one scene, dr Tremor notes an aspect of Marina's
visions, and Marina says: "Women have been burned for less". In
one story line, Curt is desperate to find a beautiful blonde girl
driving a white 1956 Ford Thunderbird that he sees en route to
the dance: at a stoplight, she appears to say "I love you" before
disappearing around the corner. In order for Victor and Emily's
marriage to become valid, Victor must repeat his vows in the Land
of the Living and willingly drink the Wine of Ages, a poison -
thus joining her in death. In order to avert further violation
pending his stay in the United States, Clara decides to keep him
under her watchful eye and takes him to her house to cook him
dinner. In order to avoid having to deal with the matrimonial
pursuits of any of his potential dalliances, he offers a business
proposal to Sylvia whereby he will provide her with financial
remuneration if she will marry him in name only. In order to
climb the corporate ladder, Bud allows four company managers, who
reinforce their position over him by regularly calling him "Buddy
Boy," to take turns borrowing his Upper West Side apartment for
their various extramarital liaisons, which are so noisy that his
neighbors assume that he is a playboy bringing home different
women every night. In order to distract her, John woos Phoebe,
who initially resists his romantic advances but eventually
succumbs to his charms. In order to do this, she receives the
help of a shy maid, a friendly cook, a talking cat, and her
mysterious second sister. In order to escape, Mickey must find
the key and rescue his friends, and does so with the help of the
singing golden harp, who begins singing Willie to sleep. In order
to induce the wealthy to invest in their bogus scheme, they hire
an unwitting accomplice as their head of their company, Malcolm
Winthrop. In order to keep Georgia from the truth she asks John
to take the two of them to dinner in order to avoid a call from
Sidney that would reveal the truth to Georgia. In order to look
good in front of the Brooklyn-born nurse (Gloria Grahame) who
scolded him for not making friends, he agrees, even going so far
as to saying what would really fix Jamie up would be for him to
come to Brooklyn. In order to make the affair as scandalous as
possible, Ann's maid asks Fairbanks to remove his clothing. In
order to move the body they attempt to steal a car. In order to
prevent a legal battle, and to ease her conscience, Heidee
decides to help Andrew win Melissa back. In order to raise the
money, Kid, Play, Bilal and Kid's roommate, Jamal secretly hold a
pajama themed party for the students in the faculty dining hall
to raise money for Kid to stay in college until Play sees the con
artists and Kid sees Miles with Sydney. In order to remedy the
problem, he has to rely on a very enticing woman (Rebecca
Romijn), his assistant/partner. In order to save Jeff from
heartache, several employees at Jean's store set up a ruse to
keep Jeff unaware of Jean's new man until he is deployed again.
In order to spurn a persistent suitor, Nathan (Don McKellar), Woo
takes hold of Crowchild and kisses him. In other copies of the
film, others have tried to exit the screen. In other early
versions it was sufficient for the frog to spend the night on the
princess' pillow. In other fairy tales featuring the ball, she
was driven from home by the persecutions of her father, usually
because he wished to marry her. In other versions, they are
forgiven, and made ladies-in-waiting with marriages to lesser
lords. In parallel, Happy Hogan tries to work his charms on Gwenn
to see if he also can persuade her to have Beauregard simply
pocket his winnings to date, by taking piano lessons with her and
asking her out. In parliament, Johann attacks the Prime Minister,
his employer, for yearly promising much to the poor underclass
and delivering nothing, always citing "difficulties". In
particular, the performer playing Darrin was replaced mid-season.
In post-World War II Germany, French Army Captain Henri Rochard
(Cary Grant) is given the task of recruiting a highly skilled
lens maker, Schindler (Martin Miller). In preparation for
Alejandro's wedding, Ellie arrives at Don's (and her old) home,
and lets herself in. In present-day Paris, while Inez shops for
expensive furniture, Gil meets Gabrielle, an antique dealer and
fellow admirer of the Lost Generation. In prison, the men are
visited by Gazoo, who earlier spied on Chip. In private, Georg
offers to divorce Katrina in return for Johann nominating him for
the office of Minister of Commerce. In pursuit of this dream they
spend their days living in a disused gas holder, spending as
little money as possible and conning the upper classes out of
their riches. In real life, Burns' then-girlfriend, supermodel
Christy Turlington, was also five months pregnant when they
married in June 2003. In reality he is Lord Brent, brother of one
of Judy's suitors, the Marquis of Borechester (Nicholas Phipps).
In reality, Dean spends his days looking at internet porn. In
reality, Julie is an actress and, with her successful work
breaking the engagement between Michael and Roberta, is offered a
leading role in a new production. In reality, alone, she enters
the elevator to leave. In reality, he is an unapologetic, hothead
who always thinks he's in the right and obsesses about nothing
making his magazine number one. In reality, his opposition stems
from resentment; Simon turned down a similar scholarship to run
his parents' restaurant when they became ill; he is intimidated
by the thought of his daughter flourishing where he couldn't
bring himself to try. In reality, she prefers Chopsticks, which
they play together. In recent years we have witnessed cases of
male birds. In regards to the allegedly wronged soldier Wickham,
Darcy explains that Wickham attempted to elope with Darcy's
younger sister to take her considerable fortune – this was the
"inheritance" that Wickham had claimed. In response to the recent
fuel shortage in the wake of global warfare, the German company
Treer designs a generator of inexhaustible energy, which is
propelled by the perpetual motion of ocean currents, called
"Fluid Karma". In response, Ann acts out publicly and embarrasses
her aunt. In response, the sailors go for revenge. In
retaliation, Anisha places a curse on Chuck, so that every single
woman he sleeps with will break up with him and marry the next
man who asks her out. In retaliation, he saws her bed in half so
that it would come apart when she sits on it. In return Cecil has
provided a document declaring that if he commits a crime while
insane, his wife may divorce him. In return for her kindness,
Sullivan retrieves his car from his estate and gives her a lift.
In return, Cash questions Jack, asking him if he is missing
anything in his life. In return, Corey holds a mock funeral for
Deb and the whole store attends. In revenge for ruining his deal,
Rocky puts Rover in a bag, drives him to Hoover Dam and throws
him in the water. In revenge, Beery forces him into the lion pit
belonging to Leahy's family. In revenge, Dixie announces that
Eddie made a $ 100,000 donation to the Red Cross. In revenge,
Jennifer curses Wooley and all his male descendants, dooming them
always to marry the wrong woman. In revenge, he puts her in the
shower and turns on the cold water full blast. In school, Duckie
and Andie, along with their friends, are harassed and bullied by
the arrogant "richie" kids, specifically Benny Hanson and her
boyfriend Steff McKee, who is secretly interested in Andie. In
search of a late-night drink they visit the Taft hotel but when
the staff greet Benjamin as "Mr. In seemingly no time at all
Vivian (Sara Simmonds) responds, determined to be with the
"right" man at the stroke of midnight. In some chance meetings
Fox at first conceals his identity and then they clash, without
realizing who each is. In some editions, an appendix to the novel
is given entitled "A View without a Room," written by Forster in
1958 as to what occurred between Lucy and George after the events
of the novel. In spite of Jessica's happiness with Helen, she
keeps the relationship secret. In spite of her feelings for him
Cassandra deflects the conversation at a moment when she thinks
he may be about to propose to her, in the belief that he is still
in love with Rose. In spite of his reluctance Leslie still
pursues him. In spite of the observation deck being deserted,
Annie discovers a backpack that Jonah left behind. In spite of
their old set list, the group manages to place second, which
sends them to the semi-finals. In spite of this, Lord Varney
draws his sword and ends up losing the fight when he loses his
sword, upon which the highwayman declares, "Blood is not a pretty
sight for tender eyes, Retrieve your sword while I go about my
business". In spite of this, Marcia and Sherry are married, yet
Sherry continues as before. In spite of this, Michael and Kimmy
decide they do love each other and want to get married after all.
In st Petersburg, Anna and Vronsky stay in one of the best
hotels, but take separate suites. In st Petersburg, Anna begins
to spend more time in the inner circle of Princess Elizaveta
("Betsy"), a fashionable socialite and Vronsky's cousin. In the
"modern times" story line, Keaton is a poor man yearning for
Leahy, who has rich parents. In the 1890s, a group of "Harvey
Girls" - new waitresses for Fred Harvey's pioneering chain of
Harvey House restaurants - travels on the Atchison, Topeka &
Santa Fe Railway (AT&SF) to the western town of Sandrock,
Arizona. In the 1920s, Sean Thornton (John Wayne), an Irish-born
American from Pittsburgh, travels to Ireland to reclaim his
family's farm and his birthplace in Inisfree. In the 1960s
Benjamin Braddock, aged twenty-one, has earned his bachelor's
degree from Williams College and has returned home to a party
celebrating his graduation at his parents' house in Pasadena,
California. In the 19th century, a Grande Dame (Jeanne Moreau)
summons The Brothers Grimm (Joerg Stadler and Andy Henderson) to
her palace, where the brothers discuss their interpretation of
the Cinderella story and notice a painting displayed in the room.
In the 2005 picture book Ella's Big Chance by Shirley Hughes,
Ella is a dressmaker in her father's shop, and when the
stepsisters arrive they appoint themselves as models. In the
Ancient Rome segment, Keaton attempts to attract the attention of
the wealthy Leahy, but is continually pushed back by Beery. In
the E&P office in New York City, railroad executive Harry Foster
Malone (Ernie Kovacs) learns about the Osgood lawsuit. In the
Finnish variant The Wonderful Birch the prince uses tar to gain
something every ball, and so has a ring, a circlet, and a pair of
slippers. In the German telling, the first stepsister fits into
the slipper by cutting off a toe, but the doves in the hazel tree
alert the prince to the blood dripping from the slipper, and he
returns the false bride to her mother. In the Grimms' version,
Aschenputtel slips away when she is tired, hiding on her father's
estate in a tree, and then the pigeon coop, to elude her
pursuers; her father tries to catch her by chopping them down,
but she escapes. In the Grimms' version, both the stepmother and
the father urge it. In the Hostess Room of the Fandango Ballroom,
Charity tries to convince both herself and the other skeptical
taxi dancers that Charlie tried to save her. In the Hostess Room,
the girls are disappointed that Charity failed to get more out of
Vittorio. In the Montenegro group of companies annual general
meeting, Laida sees Miggy for the first time after the argument,
with Laida simply saying "Good morning, Sir", then leaving the
venue right away. In the Paris Exposition of 1900, tourists are
guided around a zoo (a rather cruel zoo by today's standards),
but are panic-stricken to find a wildcat has escaped. In the San
Francisco of the 1970s, Don Baker (Edward Albert), who was born
blind, has lived all his life with his mother (Eileen Heckart).
In the Soviet Union, American reporter McKinley "Mac" Thompson
(Clark Gable) secretly writes unflattering stories, attributed to
"Comrade X", for his newspaper. In the Stone Age story line,
Keaton competes with the bigger, brutish Beery for a cavewoman
Leahy. In the United Kingdom, Cody poses as a summer orchestra
student at the Kenworth estate to spy on owner Lord Duncan
Kenworth, suspected of working with Diaz, supported by his
handler, Derek (Anthony Anderson) and Kumar, Derek's right-hand
man, who are disguised as a chef hired by Lady Josephine Kenworth
and a taxi driver respectively. In the absence of Herbie, the
only means of defense is an antique Fire hose, which Judson uses
against the earthmovers. In the afterlife, the records show his
death was a mistake; he was supposed to live for 50 more years.
In the aftermath it is shown that Will and the Widow Tillane
begin courting, and "peace is returned to Inisfree". In the back
room, an incredulous Zack asks if she is doing this as a form of
retaliation, pointing out that Stacey told him that Miri did not
mind her sleeping with Zack. In the ballroom of the Waldorf-Ritz
Hotel, Irene's long-suffering businessman father, Alexander
Bullock (Eugene Pallette), waits resignedly as his ditsy wife,
Angelica (Alice Brady), and her mooching "protégé" Carlo (Mischa
Auer) play the game. In the bar, Pete corners Tad in the men's
room and after giving up the competition for Rosalee's love tells
Tad that Rosalee is more than a wholesome small town girl, she is
a wonderful person with "the kind of beauty a guy only sees
once". In the beginning of the film, they add Gabriel, their
young and handsome doorman, to the list. In the board meeting,
MET decides not to let them publish their magazine in the
Philippines. In the car, Georgina gets upset with Zach over the
statue and she is about to ask him a question before he cuts her
off saying, "I do not hate babies". In the case of a scandal, the
entire estate will be donated to an organization for the welfare
of cats and dogs. In the cemetery where Bailey Park would have
been, George discovers the grave of his brother. In the chaos
Jeff and Orville grab the girls and escape. In the city of Lagos,
Warri-based Nigerians, Akpors (Ayo Makun), an impulsive but funny
young man and his more reserved, learned cousin, Richard (Ramsey
Nouah), anT. In the climax and dénouement, Annabel becomes
overwhelmed by the difficulties of her situation, apparent
disappearance of her mother, loss of the children, and the
question of how her odd situation came about and when/whether it
will be resolved. In the climax of the film, Peter reveals the
real reason for his bringing them all together: he is HIV-
positive. In the cold light of morning, when they are tired and
hungry, Karl and Louise realise that that love has died, and they
are strangers and have nothing in common. In the cold-war era of
post-Second World War Britain, the government decides to
establish a guided missile base on the Hebridean isle of Todday.
In the coming days, Tony and Amelia begin to fall in love, but
Tony does not reveal his feelings, believing that Amelia is his
boss's mistress. In the conclusion, Denis grew seven inches in
the summer and gained 40 pounds. In the confusion Kelp and Purdy
slip out of the class. In the confusion that ensues, Steve is
shot. In the confusion which ensues, both land parcels are sold
without the permission of their owners. In the country, it
becomes a successful fashion entrepreneur, but your competitor
does everything to hinder the girl. In the course of his first
season with the Chicago Cubs, Farrell also falls in love with
Dolly Stevens (Olivia De Havilland), sister-in-law of the team's
manager. In the course of the conversation, Fitzgibbon infers the
bishop’s intention to put O’Malley in charge of the parish. In
the course of the frivolities, a thunderstorm causes the
dirigible to break apart and everyone is forced to parachute. In
the course of their stay together, Ted and Regi fall in love. In
the course of these events, the following facts emerge: While
Brent repeatedly accuses innocent people based on incorrect
theories, Melsa deduces that Belden removed the body and cloak
from the Lane house before the police arrived. In the course of
twenty-four hours, Guinevere and Delysia become fast friends and
help each other achieve their romantic destinies. In the cut-
throat arena of show-business, Kate stands to learn that her
profession is personal, and sometimes friction can create a
spark. In the days leading up to World War II, Katie O'Hara
(Ginger Rogers), an American burlesque performer masquerading as
American socialite "Katherine Butt-Smith", pronounced byüt-smith,
is about to marry Austrian Baron Von Luber (Walter Slezak). In
the desert, Al's car develops a flat tire. In the director and
cast commentary, it is revealed that Rufus was originally
supposed to be a Christmas angel; however, this was dropped from
the final script. In the dungeon, however, Dick meets the
rightful king of Spengo, Raff (Eric Idle), who has plans hidden
in his pants for his son, called the White Bird, out in the
desert. In the early 1950s, a star-struck Ohio boy, Artie
Shoemaker, skips school to work behind the scenes for a touring
stock theatrical company. In the early 1990s, retired entertainer
Dixie Leonard (Midler) has a commitment to attend a Hollywood
ceremony being televised live to honor her and her longtime show-
biz partner Eddie Sparks (Caan). In the emergency room, he is
treated by dr Janet Hartigan (Parker), a former student he does
not remember. In the end Mike and Britney get together when he
realizes that Ashley is not his muse, but Britney is. In the end
he gives Jenny an ultimatum: either she goes to bed with him or
the relationship is over. In the end it is straightened out and
Peggy consents to marry Jimmy. In the end the judge declares him
to be "the sanest man who ever walked into this courtroom". In
the end though, they decide to restart their relationship afresh.
In the end, Ah Loong is involved in a motor vehicle accident
while Orked is going to England to pursue her studies. In the
end, Allegra is back with Samantha and never sees Philip and
Grace again. In the end, Andy finds the high society life too
expensive, and realizes that Betsy is the one for him. In the
end, Booger and Jeannie are married, Betty gives birth to a
healthy baby boy, and the newly married couple tell Heidi, the
little orphan girl, they would like to adopt her. In the end,
Cedric becomes fed up with Vegas, and as the group leaves the
hotel, he lets Bennett have his last dollar. In the end, Chloe
and Guy mutually break up. In the end, Cleon realizes that he
only owed 20,000 Yen to the Japanese Yakuza (which works out to
be $170) and shares the takings with the wait staff. In the end,
David decides that he is in love with Polly and baby John. In the
end, Debi and Martin leave Grosse Pointe together. In the end,
Dylan and Josh are shown facing the camera and apologize for the
names they called each other at first. In the end, Fred gets the
job. In the end, Gloria leaves her unfaithful groom at the altar,
and she and Phillip go for a walk in the zoo where they first
met. In the end, Hesus got the key and opened the portal. In the
end, Imogen finds Al when she hears of his attempted suicide and
she brings him a book cover that she illustrated featuring the
two of them. In the end, Jeannie's mom tells her husband that she
will leave him if he does not support his daughter's wedding to
Booger, and Chip's accusations fall apart when the little girl
reveals she was "drafted" from an orphanage to play the
illegitimate child role. In the end, Kat receives her last
paycheck from Tim (which she tears up and throws away), and never
sees him again. In the end, Marc and Kyle get back together after
confessing their feelings to each other and start kissing. In the
end, Maurey decides not to have an abortion and keeps the baby, a
little girl named Shannon. In the end, Nick and Ellen are
reconciled. In the end, Pedigrew catches up with Shirley, Henry
comes for Jean, and Eddie realizes he needs to go home to find
out if his girlfriend will love him, even if he is poor. In the
end, Richard convinces Tamahine that marrying him does not
violate English tabus, while Clove resigns to go paint in a
foreign land, accompanied by Diana. In the end, Rick's and
Marla's baby son Tiger helps Tulsa win the bet for the outfit—and
Lili's heart. In the end, Sharpay proudly presents her brother,
Ryan, with the award for the talent show. In the end, Shirley
refuses to go with Jimmy and professes her love for Dek;
likewise, Marlene refuses to have anything to do with Jimmy, and
accepts Dek as her father figure. In the end, Stacy winds up
earning her dream job working for Diane Sawyer and meets her
idol, Carly Simon. In the end, Stan opens a store/restaurant next
to Zoe's pet shop and after the Grand Opening speech Stan asks
Zoe to marry him and she says yes. In the end, Terri returns to
her own school. In the end, Val's project costs $60 million—and
flops. In the end, after the confusion is sorted out, Marsha
decides that if she has to choose, being married to Peter would
make her happier than her career. In the end, all are
dissatisfied with their choices, except for Helena. In the end,
as a major blackout hits the city, Dracula flees via taxi cab
back to the airport with Cindy, pursued by Rosenberg and
Ferguson. In the end, both derive some happiness from the
situation, and they walk off to board the aircraft, leaving the
unconventional family to sort itself out. In the end, he
confesses to an audience that he was driving the car, and not his
wife, as he previously maintained. In the end, he decides to
abort the swindle, but Duke will not let him. In the end, he
meets a young and beautiful sex-addict named Lana. In the end, he
not only is able to get his money back and adopt a child, but
Linda discovers she's pregnant. In the end, however, Marcia
stayed true to her beliefs and did not go through as she planned.
In the end, it is he and Gloria who elope. In the end, it not
only comes down to gaining the respect of others, but also
learning to respect themselves and giving roller disco their all.
In the end, it shows the voicemail message where Kelly apologizes
to the Bowlands for his behavior and asks Bart if he will meet
him where he will be selling all his old memorabilia, and gives a
hat Bart acquired for him back. In the end, the Joy Jumpers take
fourth place, barely qualifying for the city finals, and after
dealing with snark from Gina, the leader of the Dutch Dragons,
Yolanda criticizes Mary for her freestyle routine, blaming their
poor performance on them. In the end, the criminals are defeated,
and Margaret and Oliver fall in love. In the end, they are
married, and the parents of several children. In the end, they
kiss each other. In the end, they return home together. In the
end, uncle Lije and Yancy are heading along a trail in the
mountains, with Rosalie riding on the back of Yancy’s horse. In
the ensuing argument, Ben decries their arrangement as untenable
in the long term and humiliates Missy. In the ensuing argument,
he admits Cora's version is awful but contends accepting it as
the cost of doing business. In the ensuing confrontation, Calvin
discovers that others can actually see Ruby, proving that she is
a real person and not a figment of his imagination. In the
ensuing dogfight, Herbie's hastily welded-together body splits in
two. In the ensuing fight, Adrian grabs Valerie and dives onto
the track as a train approaches, but Nicky throws her out of the
way, leaving himself and Adrian to be killed by the train. In the
epilogue, they also go out for a walk with many children in tow.
In the epilogue, they also go out for a walk — this time with
their dog instead of children. In the epilogue, they go off for a
walk with their huge family of children following them. In the
evening before the wedding, Art spots Gene's two henchmen around
his house and manages to escape them thanks to his dad's help
(Eli Wallach). In the fall, Brandy and Cameron meet again at
Georgetown University. In the fan mail Oppenheim brings, Axler
finds a letter from Sybil, thanking him for listening to her
problems in the hospital. In the fields, Lucy searches for mr
Beebe, and asks in poor Italian for the driver to show her the
way. In the fight that follows, Rahul is severely injured but
emerges victorious. In the film's postscript, Gordon &mdash; on
the bridge of a new yacht &mdash; tells the tale of the race to
two attractive bikini-clad women, whom he invites aboard for a
drink. In the film, George Lucas is a USC college student in
1967, and he's suffering from writer's block as he tries to write
a movie about a young space farmer with a bad crop of "space
wheat". In the film, Gujral stars as Shalini Singh/Shelley, an
Indian woman who comes to the United States from a Himalayan
village to find her fiance and crosses paths with a movie
producer who tries to "Americanize" her in order to make her a
star. In the film, Jiajia's boyfriend does not leave his wife,
leaving Jiajia on her own. In the film, Mystic is represented as
a fishing town with a large Portuguese-American population. In
the film, Nick (Allen), a sports lawyer, is married to
psychotherapist and author Deborah (Midler). In the final match
of the bonspiel, the rink once again meets Yount's rink. In the
final part of the novel, Franny and John find a way to resolve
their love, and Franny, with Susie's ingenious assistance, gets
revenge on her rapist. In the final parting scene, as Wai-Tung's
parents prepare to fly home, mrs Gao has forged an emotional bond
to daughter-in-law Wei-Wei. In the final scene (now taking place
in the original "missed train" universe), James leaves the
hospital after visiting his mother, and Helen leaves after ending
her relationship with Gerry. In the final scene, Dallas is again
in Sean's bed when he enters the room, and they reprise the
dialogue from their first meeting. In the final scene, George's
uncle Frank (having been driven insane every summer for trying to
win a $1 million prize from a radio contest) finally wins, but
his phone gets disconnected and his prize is given away to
someone else; he snaps and promptly uses a rocket launcher to
blow up the radio station, just as the Stork twins arrive and
head to the fiery remains to roast marshmallows. In the final
scene, Johann Porok is served breakfast in bed by the "maid",
Katrina, who is revealed to be mrs Porok. In the final scene, Lil
and her elderly companion get into a limousine. In the final
scene, Walter and Martha meet up in the desert where they ride a
horse west towards the sunset to begin a new life for themselves
away from everyone they know. In the final scene, the cannon
misfires, knocking down the Eiffel Tower. In the final sequence,
Harold's car is seen going off a seaside cliff but after the
crash, the final shot reveals Harold standing calmly atop the
cliff, holding his banjo. In the final shot he is not visible,
but we see Laney with the soccer ball being thrown to her and the
rest of the students reacting to Zack no longer having it for
cover. In the final shot of the film, he asks the same of the
audience. In the first match of the bonspiel, the rink plays
another rink, skipped by former Olympian Alexander Yount. In the
first one, Ted frightens away Regi's date by pretending to be her
abusive husband. In the five years since Knocked Up, Debbie owns
a boutique with Desi (Megan Fox) and Jodi (Charlyne Yi) working
for her. In the following weeks Maezumi only gives her cleaning
work in the hopes that she quits, but she comes back. In the
fourth stereotype, The First Date, Jamie brings her womanizing
date Ken back to her apartment. In the general confusion, Liz
sees her dog wanting to play with Art and realizes Art and Bart
are the same person. In the guise of an Arab potentate, Ferris,
steals aIP jet and wings it to Rome to reconcile with his wife.
In the hospital, Axler meets another patient, Sybil Van Buren,
who tells him about catching her second husband sexually abusing
her young daughter. In the hospital, no longer pregnant, she
learns Patricia and Hugh both died in the crash. In the hotel
elevator, they passionately kiss, but go to their separate rooms.
In the hotel lobby, Sally Baxter encounters Monsieur de Segurola,
"the famous baritone", and asks him to write something in her
autograph album. In the hotel room, all three girls have dinner,
empty three bottles of champagne and share their life stories
with each other. In the hubbub, Stephen finds out that the
clothes and tools came from Doris and is angry at being the butt
of the joke. In the interim, Martha awakens and seeing a
photograph of the three friends, assumes she has been the target
of an elaborate practical joke. In the kitchen Chloe apologizes
to Nat for not realising she didn't know. In the last scene, Karl
is shown riding through the streets in a carriage with his bride.
In the last scene, at the art exhibit, Lionel meets another
attractive young woman, a struggling painter. In the last scene,
back home in London, the couple are seen arguing in a manner
reminiscent of their bickering immediately prior to the arrival
of the fateful letter. In the lobby he finds Paige, who thinks he
was having sex with Meg. In the long run, he sees her for who and
what she really is. In the meantime Alain is lost in his own
neighbourhood, he cannot find his house and comes close to having
a car accident with Manise; when finally home he tells Cécile
that he was late because he gave Claire a ride home. In the
meantime Dominique has found the Goldoni play, not in the library
but in the kitchen among her mother's cookbooks. In the meantime
Drake goes into the apartment of Cooper's apartment to search for
the necklace. In the meantime Lauren's family discovers she is
missing and spark an international investigation, believing
Lauren has been abducted. In the meantime Steve takes Owen's
rejected manuscript to her former companion, Charles Harris (Rudy
Vallee), who is a major publisher. In the meantime he knows the
problematic and shy Camilla, who disrupts his life. In the
meantime, Beca suggests to the Bellas to try to be more daring,
but Aubrey insists that they will win with the repertoire the
group has always used in the past. In the meantime, Danny
(Rydell) has grown up to be a soldier like his father, and is
deployed to Vietnam. In the meantime, Dean begins to show an
interest in Laney as her popularity begins to soar and Zack's
victory becomes more imminent. In the meantime, Dick approaches
Spengo's fortress with a large wooden bust of Spengo, reading "In
Tod We Trust". In the meantime, Erica and Matt are falling in
love, and they plan a special encounter for the 40th night to
celebrate his successfully completing his vow. In the meantime,
General Afir, who appears to be the only intelligent person among
Spengo's forces, believes that Dick and Marge are the key to
ending Spengo's rule, so he hatches a plan to stop the
megalomaniac. In the meantime, Grace resumes her seduction of Tom
and manipulates him into proposing to her. In the meantime,
Halley must deal with Ashley and the rest of the Martins must
deal with her soon-to-be in-laws, Lewis' overbearing Southern
parents, who have an African American maid. In the meantime,
Halley runs into classmate Macon Forrester, a slacker who never
shows up for biology and is more interested in having fun than
school work. In the meantime, Happy appears to have genuinely
fallen in love with Gwenn. In the meantime, James learns how to
be a proper gentleman and wins her back through having learned
good manners and a more dignified bearing. In the meantime, Jed
is preparing to interview the pretentious French film
writer/director, Thierry Grimandi. In the meantime, Jesse takes
on more responsibility for Veronica and their child and matures
along the way. In the meantime, Lilac decides to marry her, but
only because as his wife she would not be able to testify against
him. In the meantime, Mabrey realizes Nicholas has fallen for
Mia, but Nicholas says that Mia will never love him. In the
meantime, Marcus meets an old girlfriend, keen on travel,
rediscovering his youth and finding that the flame between them
burns as brightly as ever. In the meantime, Mike and Mary
reconcile when she believes he has changed. In the meantime,
Number 17 (Kevin Hart), a young, fun-loving alien jumps out while
drunk from the alcohol Dave has imbibed. In the meantime, Pert
Kelly (Colleen Moore), after winning a dance contest is being
wooed by gentlemen of questionable character. In the meantime,
Pete continues to make a go of his documentary film career. In
the meantime, Vicky is joined in Spain by an enthusiastic Doug
and the two get married. In the meantime, grandparents of Violet
start to die. In the meantime, her boss gets called out of town
and his cute brother Nick takes over. In the meantime, publisher
Harvey Pulp (Jack Bernardi) plans to start a new magazine called
"Teen Scream". In the meantime, she falls for her bodyguard
Dantan (Moreno). In the meantime, their wedding photo pops up on
the front page of the morning newspaper—with Charley's engagement
announcement to Lew Horner's daughter appearing on a later page,
as the enraged studio boss points out. In the meantime, they are
surprised by the unexpected arrival of young Napa Valley
oenophile Christie Roberts, who is backpacking through Europe and
claims to be Henry's previously unknown illegitimate daughter. In
the meanwhile Maddy is losing her high spirits as no new letter
arrives. In the men's group, one of the other groupsmen become
very jealous of Leo's "friendship" with Brendan and that he does
not have that with Leo. In the middle of Akpors conversation with
the officials, it is discovered that Akpors also violated his
visa, making his case more severe and punishable by law. In the
middle of the chaos, Laida was hired on the spot after she
presented Miggy with coffee left by an attendant who also walked
out after being screamed at. In the middle of the night, the
President summons a Supreme Court judge (Harry Davenport) to
marry Eddie and Maria. In the middle of the night, their home
security alarm is activated when Jason shows up unexpectedly to
further sell the idea of the retreat. In the middle of their
argument, Piggy's gang arrives and starts a bar fight. In the
middle of their conversation, she hears a voice she recognizes
singing. In the middle of their journey, they cross a street when
a drunk motorcyclist collides with the couch. In the midst of
doing research on Minelli and Darryl's grandmother's death,
Kimberly calls Kevin with the news. In the midst of the chaos and
bloodshed, R and Julie do the only thing they can think of: they
kiss. In the midst of the wedding ceremony, Dick and the others
emerge from the Trojan bust and the final battle begins. In the
midst of their excited greetings, Okiemute tries to caution them
to change their familiar style of greeting since his name has
changed. In the moments before it seems Richard will consummate
his attraction to Nikki, he realizes how grave the loss of his
wife and children would be, so he walks out on Nikki. In the
morning Alfie waits for her in the airport, not having heard that
her plane has crashed without any survivors. In the morning Bob
is rude to Sarah and during the drive home Sarah realizes that he
really did sleep with June. In the morning Donna leaves Max's
apartment without saying goodbye. In the morning Quinn feels
guilty and decides to visit Devon at her parents and propose to
her. In the morning they find that others in the village had
visited Will and pressured him to return Mary Kate's furniture,
but not her money. In the morning they return to the train
station where they are about to part. In the morning, Burt
receives an emergency call from his brother, Courtney (Paul
Schneider), in Miami, whose wife has left him. In the morning,
Duchess meets an alley cat named Thomas O'Malley, who offers to
guide her and the kittens to Paris. In the morning, Graham
receives phone calls from Sophie and Olivia, which arouse
Amanda's suspicions that Graham has girlfriends. In the morning,
Hawk calls a truce with mrs Steinmetz, and thinking him to be
sincere, Willoughby and Nicole go for dinner, while mrs Steinmetz
invites Judson to a similar meeting; but Hawk violates the truce
by sending earthmovers to crush the firehouse and its
inhabitants, prompting Herbie to go in search of Nicole and
Willoughby. In the morning, Jesse catches up with Marissa while
she is walking to work. In the morning, Julie convinces R to take
her home, and they attempt to leave while the Dead watch them,
half-fascinated and half-afraid. In the morning, Kneller
discovers them lying among a mass of (presumably used) condoms
and needles. In the morning, Loretta returns home in a reverie
but is then distressed to learn from Rose that Johnny will be
there soon. In the morning, Peter apologizes to Christy for
making the advances as the car is being towed to La Jolla. In the
morning, after several mistakes with the waiter, Cyril Glossop
(William Austin) arrives at the door, so Guy hides in the next
room, while Mimi and Tonetti give a show of being lovers. In the
morning, each couple meets with an assigned therapist. In the
morning, everything begins normally. In the morning, however,
they awake to find the ship still afloat, and escape through a
porthole. In the morning, she finds a note from Max that he had
to leave early for rehearsal but that the two of them will have
dinner together in the evening. In the morning, she refuses to
believe his story. In the morning, she returns, and Jarrod tells
her he didn't get any sleep that night worrying about her. In the
next moment, Peggy is transported back to 1985. In the next two
years, while training for the 1992 Winter Olympics, Kate has
driven away all potential skating partners with her attitude and
perfectionism; her coach, Anton Pamchenko, needs to find another
replacement, an outsider who doesn't know that Kate is spoiled
and nearly impossible to work with. In the opening narration he
states he "was here before with the 5th US Army" in World War II.
In the opening scene, Zach, Georgina's long-time boyfriend, is
talking on the phone with his sister, who has just had a baby
girl. In the opening sequence, the team chases a rhinoceros, but
it attacks the herding car and severely gores the Indian, who has
to be transported to the Arusha hospital. In the palace jail,
Joan encounters Al-Julhara (Avner Eisenberg), a holy man who is
the "Jewel of the Nile" and whom Omar fears. In the performance
of the second act, Pamela sings, "Loch Lomond". In the police
station, Julius finally reveals where Lauren is and what she is
doing. In the post hospital he is attracted to lt Molly Blue
(Prentiss), a nurse he once knew in college. In the present
Lainey breaks up with her long-term boyfriend Sam after telling
him she has been cheating on him. In the present day while
reminiscing, Roland gets sick and throws up all over Slim and
Mike. In the present time, the four friends eventually lose touch
with one another, as evident when Cynthia (Stockard Channing) is
tearfully gazing at the picture of the four of them on that
graduation day. In the present, Chuck (Dane Cook) is a successful
dentist in his thirties, and runs a dental practice in the same
building as his best friend Stu's (Dan Fogler) plastic surgery
business. In the present, three of the four women are married but
Samantha, who at 52, is desperately trying to keep her libido
alive with the help of "Suzanne Somers and her team of doctors"
to keep her menopause at bay. In the process of filming, the
idealism of India's revolutionary heroes seeps into the
protagonists. In the process of getting the two together, Andrew
and Heidee begin to feel an attraction toward each other. In the
process of learning, Billie Dawn realizes how corrupt Harry is
and begins interfering with his plans to bribe a Congressman into
passing legislation that would allow Brock's business to make
more money. In the process, Cady unwittingly remakes herself in
Regina's image, becoming spiteful and superficial, and abandons
Janis and Damian. In the process, Eddie begins to rethink his
life, much to the dismay of Middleman and his work associates. In
the process, Henry and Ashley fall for each other. In the
process, he also dumps Sensation for their role in Brenda's plot,
which Stephanie tries to protest until Kit reveals that Stephanie
is bald which causes her and the girls to flee in horror about
the secret. In the process, he discovers that Dillingwell's
granddaughter Lorri (Olivia de Havilland) is Buckley's fiancée.
In the process, she learns that he did not hire a matchmaker out
of desperation and in fact has admired Isabelle from afar for
several years. In the process, the other students also start to
fight one another. In the prologue Claudette Colbert is bound and
gagged in a closet, but a second later appears in a wedding
dress. In the prologue, a young Max Skinner, whose parents have
died in an accident, spends his childhood summer holidays
learning to appreciate the finer things in life at his Uncle
Henry's vineyard estate in Provence in south-eastern France. In
the race, Jamison takes the lead in his boat, the Scarlet Lady,
but Scott passes him at the finish line. In the reform school,
the boys have been battling with two toughs, "Rice Pudding"
Charlie(Gabriel Dell) and Chalky Jones (Bobby Stone), but when
Barnes witnesses Miller encouraging a fistfight, he demands
Miller's resignation. In the right arm of the Milky Way there is
a planet called Antar, the terrible Ratan decides to conquer it
alone. In the ring toss, the clanging of the metal rings hitting
the bottles and the bell ringing cause her to scream and collapse
on the floor. In the ring, Izzy keeps a cool head, responding to
Rodney's mockery with fact, that he was angry because his father
was out of work, and everyone thought of him as a loud-mouthed
bully. In the romantic final scenes, the couple are married in a
private ceremony in Judge Abramovitz’s chambers, with Audrey's
mother as the sole witness. In the run up to Christmas, Lee
Leander is arrested for stealing a bracelet from a New York City
jewelry store. In the school auto shop during the dance, Sam and
Ted begin talking and Sam confesses her love for Jake. In the
second act, which also takes place at Sir Robert's house, Lord
Goring urges Sir Robert to fight mrs Cheveley and admit his guilt
to his wife. In the self-help group, after Isabelle talks to
Gregory (John Carroll Lynch), a man who is writing notes on his
notepad, about Donald, he calls Donald over to ask her to escort
him to the Halloween party. In the shooting case, despite
Charles' efforts, the jury finds Jamison guilty. In the span of
one morning, he witnesses an inexplicable car accident, picks up
an abandoned harmonium from the street, and encounters Lena
Leonard, a coworker of his sister's, Lena having orchestrated
this meeting after seeing him in a family picture belonging to
his sister Elizabeth. In the speed competition, Yolanda beats
Izzy by just six steps, tying them for first place and leaving
freestyle to determine the winner. In the spring of 1945 in San
Francisco, United States Navy lieutenant Dudley Briggs (Ray
Milland) is promised a two-week furlough and a promotion by his
ship's captain if he can acquire a bottle of French champagne by
the next morning to be used in launching of theSS. In the spring,
Elizabeth visits Charlotte and Mr Collins in Kent. In the summer
following their first year of college, we revisit four friends
who have been apart all year and plan to spend their summer apart
until a magical old pair of pants reunites them. In the summer of
1943, after he is taken off combat operations for medical
reasons, American SSgt John Patterson (Dean Jagger), an Army Air
Force gunner, is billeted in the London home of the Duke of
Exmoor (Robert Morley) in London's Grosvenor Square. In the
summer of 1963, Jeffrey Willis (Matt Dillon) joins some friends
for a day of Gin rummy at the El Flamingo Club, a private beach
resort. In the tale, a spoiled princess reluctantly befriends the
Frog Prince (meeting him after dropping a gold ball into a pond),
who magically transforms into a handsome prince. In the third
act, set in Lord Goring's home, Goring receives a pink letter
from Lady Chiltern asking for his help, a letter that might be
read as a compromising love note. In the three-ball version,
Cinderella keeps a close watch on the time the first two nights
and is able to leave without difficulty. In the timeline in which
Helen misses the train, subsequent services are delayed; she
exits the station and hails a taxi. In the timeline in which she
boards the train, Helen sits alongside James (John Hannah) (the
man in the lift) on the Underground and they strike up a
conversation. In the timeline where she originally boarded the
train, she dies in the arms of her new-found love, James; in the
timeline in which she missed it, she recovers and tells Gerry to
leave for good. In the training, Billy Clyde is shown coping with
the seminar rules forbidding going to the bathroom. In the
turmoil that follows, Claire disappears and is nowhere to be
found. In the unedited version, Jane returns to the lunch and the
women talk about always complimenting men for the sizes of their
penises, eventually breaking out into a restaurant-wide "Penis
Song". In the very last minute Pike accepts his love for Henry
and tries to catch him at the airport, but he is too late. In the
video, Anthony attempts to impress his crush, Anna Reed (Nelson),
by trying to do a backflip, but he fails, landing on his face,
and the microphone lands in his anus. In the video, Gordon wins
the race and is congratulated obsessively by his father. In the
waiting room, Charlotte argues with Eleanor when she figures out
that she is sleeping with Bucky's physician, dr Morrisey, so
Eleanor crushes her further by admitting that Joe is just a prop
from the airport bar. In the wine country, the pair visit Miles'
favorite restaurant, The Hitching Post II, and meet Maya, an
attractive, intelligent waitress with whom Miles is casually
acquainted. In the year 1900, a British writer named Christian
(Ewan McGregor), suffering from depression, begins writing on his
typewriter ("Nature Boy"). In the year 1980, a young boy named
Darrin Hill (Cuba Gooding Jr) and his mother, MaryAnn (Faith
Evans), are run out of their hometown of Monte Carlo, Georgia,
after MaryAnn is soon discovered to be singing secular music when
she sings in a church choir also. In the years after the war, the
three men have taken entirely different paths ("10-Year
Montage"). In their English class, Professor Taub (Viveca
Lindfors) reads an essay composed by Walter as a writing
assignment, which is a description of his night with the Sure
Thing. In their absence, Tomás arrives home and takes his
tranquilizers with alcohol. In their bedroom, her jealousy and
anger drive her to reveal that Julia's adoptive parents "dumped"
her on the Careys after gambling away their money. In their
presentation, they show beautiful pictures of sunlit beaches and
beautiful locations. In therapy he admits he is falling in love
with the character he is writing and tells the therapist all
about Ruby Sparks (Zoe Kazan). In these situations, Bridget is
often plagued with that perennial question "How's your love life.
In this clique of friends, Jack-and-Megan, the perfect
couple—perfect house, perfect jobs, perfect hair—turn out to be
not so perfect. In this confusion, Beto Carrero recognizes Didi
and goes to her aid, chasing the bandits, and in an act of
adventure and action, Didi retrieves the bag with the money and
all come back to the theater. In this instance, Chris calls the
burn. In this moment of complete joy, Didi realize you're with
the wrong bag, no money. In this movie, Dudley "Booger" Dawson
(Curtis Armstrong) is getting married to his Omega Mu girlfriend
Jeannie (Corinne Bohrer), but the father of the bride tries to
stop them, as his desire to maintain his conservative, nouveau-
riche standing clashes with his daughter's common interests with
and love for the nerdy Booger. In this romantic comedy,
Liechtenhaus (a fictional tiny European principality) is being
ruled by Prince Max (David Warner), but the little country is
nearly bankrupt. In this scene, they break out into a verbal and
physical fight, in which Darcy is wounded. In this sequel to
Father of the Bride, newly married Kay Dunstan (Elizabeth Taylor)
announces that she and her husband are going to have a baby,
leaving her father, Stanley Banks (Spencer Tracy), having to come
to grips with becoming a grandfather. In this venture, he is
aided by mr Westlake, a Ruritanian monarch who owes him a favour.
In this version, the Cinderella character is unusually beautiful,
but also a shy enigma. In this wisecracking comedy, Dan Dolan
(Spencer Tracy) is a cop whose beat is the New York waterfront.
In time, R begins feeling guilty over killing Perry, which is
made worse since Julie doesn’t know it was him, and is giving him
the benefit of the doubt. In time, the don tells Charley that his
wife's "gotta go". In time, though, their relationship grows
warmer, and they learn to work together and become a pair to be
reckoned with both on and off the ice. In truth, the men are
Bulldogs in borrowed Army uniforms. In trying to defend himself,
Louis reveals that their condoms broke during sex, but that he
thought Jenn knew and was okay with it. In trying to get the
truth out, he loses his job; what follows is classic farce and
the stakes escalate. In turn, he is entranced by her beauty. In
two qualifying rounds, with Romeo as his caddy, Roy's game is
excellent but his head needs help. Ina Massine is an opera diva
who divorced throat specialist dr Lincoln Bartlett three years
ago. Ina goes into the ladies toilet and does not come out, she
has been kidnapped. Ina ignores his diagnose and performs that
night without any problems. Ina is assigned as Lincoln's client,
much to Agnes' annoyance. Ina is your typical 'good girl',
extremely simple and caring. Ina's mother refuses to pay Mae the
agreed-upon $500 commission. Ina, who had got back her voice when
Lincoln softened up, announces she is fed up with the love
triangle as well and storms out. Inadvertently, Aldous informs
Peter that he and Sarah began having sex a full year before she
broke up with Peter. Incensed at Sir Robert's reneging on his
promise, she ultimately exposes Sir Robert to his wife once they
are both in the room. Included is widow Thayer and Pike Dexter, a
very shy Native American. Including Barbara Novak. Increasingly
restless, Anna and Vronsky decide to return to Russia. Incredibly
annoyed at Josh for embarrassing her at the party, she heads home
without him. Indeed, even on their honeymoon, Sherry flirts with
the gorgeous Sally French (Jean Chatburn). Indignant, Tom leaves
the store. Indignant, and still feeling protective of Su-Su,
Philip insists on bringing her to the school where her parents
can retrieve her. Industry and inspiration abound and Rupert
returns to London triumphant having met his deadline. Inept at
his job, Artie is nearly fired until the star of the show, Harry
Crystal, takes a liking to him and takes the kid under his wing.
Inevitably, Eric and Polly fall in love, much to Bruce's dismay,
and he is beyond himself with jealousy. Inevitably, his buddies
and his boss both discover her in his house; so does Patty,
who—not seeing the angel's wings—thinks her a mortal woman having
an affair with Jim. Inevitably, the two fall in love for real,
and plan on getting married, with Mabel quitting show business to
be a housewife and Cain quitting the fight racket to run garages
in New Jersey. Inexperienced at caring and giving solid advice,
Ryan does poorly at first, and Page wants to get rid of "Cindy".
Inez admires him; Gil finds him insufferable. Inez dismisses his
ambition as a romantic daydream, and encourages him to stick with
lucrative screenwriting. Inez is intent on living in Malibu.
Influenced by Varenka, Kitty becomes extremely pious, but becomes
disillusioned by her father's criticism when she learns Madame
Stahl is faking her illness. Infuriated at being told to write
one final column after being laid off from her newspaper job, Ann
Mitchell (Barbara Stanwyck) prints a letter from a fictional
unemployed "John Doe" threatening suicide on Christmas Eve in
protest of society's ills. Infuriated, he tries to retaliate
against Connie. Infuriated, the women chase after Jimmy. Inga
refuses to believe that Martha has dumped Whitman. Inigo pursues
Rugen through the castle, and, reciting aloud his long-rehearsed
oath of vengeance ("Hello. Initially agreeing to help move the
body, Abigail becomes distressed when she realizes that it is
Matan wrapped in the blankets. Initially investigating another
crime as he is about to leave he gets notified of Matan's murder
over the police radio and Belle hits him over the head with the
hotel phone and handcuffs him to the bathtub. Initially refusing
and wanting to be with friends, Teddy sees Chick at the party and
asks Buzzy to go to his cabin. Initially relieved that his
daughter is safe, the President's tone changes when he is shown
photos of her undressing. Initially reluctant to attend, he is
pressured into it by both his therapist, dr Oatman, and his
secretary, Marcella. Initially reluctant, Sam is convinced by her
best friend, Carter Ferrell, to go to the dance and meet her
mysterious online friend. Initially shocked, Johnny gives him a
T-Birds jacket, officially welcoming him into the gang, and
Stephanie accepts that she can now be with him. Initially the men
find it funny, but when Phileine and Gulpje start screaming it
out the whole thing gets embarrassing and they run out the
restaurant. Initially uncertain about her acting abilities,
Carmen grows more confident when her talent is recognized by the
director and the other actors, including Ian, with whom she
begins a flirtatious friendship. Initially, Jennifer and Daniel
manifest themselves as white vertical smoky 'trails',
occasionally hiding in empty (or sometimes not-so-empty) bottles
of alcohol. Initially, Paul is reluctant to help out Boullard,
suspecting that Lauren is less than attractive, but because he
notices that Boullard is suspicious of why he really won the
case, he decides to help him out. Initially, however, they demand
that Celeste return to explain human culture to them, but settle
for a native of Earth to serve as ambassador to their world as a
token of goodwill. Initially, it appears that the children are
rescued. Injured and winded, Martin proposes marriage to Debi,
who, shell-shocked from the day's events, does not respond.
Inquire Horace Pfeiffer Co, 383 Madison Avenue". Inside Max's
house Phileine meets his friends: the bespectacled Jules, the
sick Leonard, the Flemish Gulpje, the terrible Joanna and
weatherman LT (Louis Theodore). Inside are Michael's pajamas.
Inside is a note from Tim that says, "Use these to be the only
one who can see Griff when he's invisible. Inside the Pompeii
Club, the dancers are dancing the latest craze, The Rich Man's
Frug. Inside the church, Harper gives a heartfelt eulogy. Inside
the church, Lucy meets the Emersons again. Inside the girls'
comfort room, Michie and her other friends, China and Maggie,
admit that the scene with Top was only a playtime because they
want Hershey to break up with Top. Inside the house, Amanda asks
Graham in a whisper if he is married. Inside the radio station,
Curt encounters a bearded man who tells him that the voice of The
Wolfman is pre-taped from afar. Inside the train, Gyeon-woo
cannot help but stare at the girl who is his "type" but repulsed
by her drunkenness. Inside, Melsa finds a diamond brooch and mr
Lane's dead body. Inside, she expresses how she really feels and
Miggy blames her for throwing everything away after just one
mistake. Inspired and led by Father James, they 'discover' a rare
seagull that only nests on Todday, in the hope that tourists will
come. Inspired by Cadence, Hal changes his views on the outer
appearances of people in general. Inspired by a successful viral
video that was filmed by a pair of teenage boys as Miri changed
in Zack's place of work for the reunion (revealing that she wore
unattractive "granny panties" underwear), and emboldened by the
cultural mainstreaming of pornographic entertainment, Zack
convinces a reluctant Miri that they should make a pornographic
film to earn money. Inspired by a television commercial showing
Wisconsin co-eds flashing their breasts, Edvard meets with his
parents, King Haraald (James Fox), and Queen Rosalind (Miranda
Richardson), and announces his intention to attend college in
America—specifically, Wisconsin. Inspired by and envious of the
$21 a month and free khaki britches and gold buttons of his
friend Don Elbie, Snuffy Smith joins the US Army with his dog, mr
Carson, concealed by an invisibility potion. Inspired by her,
Shakespeare writes quickly, with help from his friend and rival
playwright Christopher 'Kit' Marlowe, completely transforming the
play into what will become Romeo and Juliet. Inspired by this and
with her encouragement, he decides to pursue Julia. Inspired,
Casey gives a highly rated artistic performance. Inspired, he
calls upJ and they go posing as seat fillers. Instantly falling
for her, Blackwood poses as a Roman Catholic priest in order to
meet her while Nina is held pending her continued arraignment.
Instead Frazer buys condoms and later attempts to kiss Phoebe.
Instead he discovers that she's pregnant and that he has no
chance with her. Instead he says the princess changed her mind,
and Orville is only too eager to accept. Instead it is Terry, who
had disguised his voice, who arrives, and he berates Consuelo for
her lack of self-control. Instead of fighting each other, all
three agree to leave and quit Tomas cold turkey as revenge for
his cheating on them. Instead of getting mad, she says she fell
in love with him. Instead of giving Herk seasick pills, Frankie
gives him moth balls with the result of Herk performing better
than ever. Instead of going home he sleeps on his motorcycle
outside the store, where he is found the following morning by
opening managerJ. Instead of going inside, she takes a walk and
ends up at an all-night cafe. Instead of going to the police,
Larson assures Sal that he will take care of things. Instead of
killing his rival, Westley decides to leave him alive for a long,
miserable life with his obvious cowardice as his only companion.
Instead of paying off his loan to "The Monkey", he uses the money
to finance the wedding. Instead of revealing his identity, he
decides to help her from a distance. Instead of supporting them,
Ty walks out and comforts the heartbroken Elle and they start
dating. Instead of telling her the truth, Danny tells her that he
is getting divorced from a woman named Devlin, named after Devlin
Adams who Katherine had mentioned was an old college sorority
nemesis. Instead of working on a new book, he spies on Erica and
her new husband Martin while pretending to be jogging. Instead of
writing, Freddie goes after her. Instead she stays and shows up
both him and his classmates snooty dates. Instead she wants to
live in modern hotels, where she won't have to cook or clean, and
also wants Harry to be a father figure to Patrick so she won't
have to deal with him and his teenage problems. Instead, Bang
Bang accidentally blows up the entire tower, creating panic in
Prague. Instead, Drew encourages the couple to indulge
themselves. Instead, Grace decide to make the girl her protege
and teach her how to make money leading older wealthier men on
for money. Instead, Lucinda misunderstands and orders Ella to be
happy with her gift. Instead, Muriel uses the blank check to
defraud her parents, draining their bank account of $12,000,
which she uses to go follow her former friends to Hibiscus
Island. Instead, Prophet Jack not only predicts the football
score, and that it would hail the next day, but also that she
would die in seven days, meaning the following Thursday. Instead,
Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius, not having actually seen
either before, and administers the juice to the sleeping
Lysander. Instead, Toula is stuck working in the family
restaurant in Chicago, "Dancing Zorba's". Instead, he assembles
an array of random groomsmen that includes Robbie, father Oswald
(J. Instead, he ends up in the countryside, and eventually runs
into a farmer, Cal, and his son, Danny, who convinces his father
to take the dog in. Instead, he is saved by a group of men who
want to revolt against the Evil Queen's rule over Fortunia.
Instead, he literally runs into Martha, who hits him with a
luggage cart while searching for the exit. Instead, he wants
Burke to pretend to be Schuyler at a reading of the dead man's
will. Instead, on the drive to the bus station, they speak
frankly and candidly with each other about their disappointment
with their experience at the health resort. Instead, she accepts
Phil's proposal. Instead, she catches him cheating on her with
his nurse. Instead, she finds work as a music teacher. Instead,
she hangs around the house all weekend listening to Natasha
Bedingfield's "Pocketful of Sunshine", which is played by a
greeting card she was sent. Instead, she saves him, and in the
process is allowed to return to earth as a mortal woman, now able
to speak English and is now a nurse at the hospital. Instead, she
sets her sights on Anton and the New York intelligentsia.
Instead, she took night classes to make herself more acceptable
to his social class. Instead, she transfers all her hatred to
Ella. Instead, they claim that he sacrificed his life to save
hundreds of other lives that would have been lost had he ejected
from the aircraft and left it to crash into a populous city.
Instead, they discuss his first wife (Carol Kane), whose ardor
gave him no pleasure. Instead, they go to Phoebe's graduation
ceremony as friends. Instead, they jail the genuine prince.
Instead, they place her on a bed, and pray to her each day.
Instead, they take a tour of New York. Insulted, and furious that
Edward has revealed their secret, Vivian wants to end the
arrangement. Insulted, d'Artagnan demands a duel. Intending to
deter him, Laney arranges for Zack to be called onto the stage
and perform to his surprise. Intending to see if she has anything
other than a dollar sign for a heart, Henry contacts Michael and
convinces the professor that he is in love with Carol. Intent
upon preventing a loveless marriage, Parker and Abigail go
"undercover" as Caitlin's bridesmaids to sabotage the wedding.
Interest piqued by the drawing, Gwen takes a bus ride out to see
the house. Interpreters unaware of the value attached to glass in
17th century France and perhaps troubled by sartorial
impracticalities, have suggested that Perrault's "glass slipper"
(pantoufle de verre) had been a "squirrel fur slipper" (pantoufle
de vair) in some unidentified earlier version of the tale, and
that Perrault or one of his sources confused the words; however,
most scholars believe the glass slipper was a deliberate piece of
poetic invention on Perrault's part. Interrupting a private
hearing in the commissioner's office, Dodge threatens Carter with
a confrontation by his old army mates. Interspersed between these
scenes of past memories are monochromatic dream sequences
featuring an ethereal, third character that appears to be Wes'
guardian angel or physician. Interspersed with the scenes of the
band playing, singer Nikko Alexander (Nolan Gerard Funk) calmly
walks into the club through the back, barely making his cue for
"Don't Tell Me". Intimidated by the headstrong heiress, Kabir
manufactures a deathbed promise that he made to his mother,
pledging that he would not marry unless his prospective bride can
take 35 shillings and earn her own living for three months. Into
a household filled with kvetchers steps Joe Meledandri, a
distinguished Italian who years ago met Pearl's wayward husband
in a bar and convinced him to return to her. Into his life enters
Laura Kelly (Debra Winger), an attorney who is representing
Chelsea Deardon (Daryl Hannah). Intrigued, Michael invites
himself to dinner with the Stevensons and Theodora. Invigorated
by a desire to find herself, Alice leaves to go home. Inviting
Evie to her family’s small house for dinner one evening, Randy
reveals to her that she has lived with Rebecca and Vicky since
Randy's devoutly religious mother abandoned her to devote all her
time to an Operation Rescue-like group. Inviting them into his
emporium, Facilier convinces them that he can make their dreams
come true, but neither man gets what they are expecting; Naveen
becomes a frog, while Lawrence is given a voodoo charm that makes
him resemble Naveen. Inès tries to seduce Estelle by offering to
be her "mirror" by telling her everything she sees, but ends up
frightening her instead. Iona gives her a pep talk, while Duckie,
still oblivious, asks what's wrong. Ipswich is anxious for her to
sign a new contract, but she throws a tantrum and refuses, as it
explicitly prohibits all the things she wants to do. Ipswich's
secretary tells them that the "purest Anglo-Saxons" hail from the
hills of Kentucky, so Glory picks a fan letter at random from
those written by young Kentucky men and ends up with 23-year-old
Jim Davey (Norman Foster). Ipswich, Speed and Herbert want her to
choose someone else, but when "sob sister" reporter Elmerada de
Leon (ZaSu Pitts) comes to interview Glory, she spots the photo,
so they have to play along. Ira has been sent to the United
States to find a tutor for the three children of Slovetzia's
President, and, mistakenly thinking that Joy is an academic
teacher, offers the job to her. Irene and Charley team up on a
kidnapping that will enrich the family, but she shoots a police
captain's wife in the process, endangering the organization's
business relationship with the cops. Irene confronts him at his
barber, and Hogan is self-defensive and self-deluded to comic
effect. Irene ends up dead, and Charley ends up back in New York,
missing her, but consoled by Maerose. Irene is a fashion buyer
for Barclay Ames, an upscale clothing store in New York owned by
Roger Barclay (John McGiver). Irene is apologetic and offers him
a job as the family butler, which he gratefully accepts. Irene
reconsiders and tries to reconcile with Bill, only to find he has
married Lil the previous day. Irene sends Maggie to Paris as her
representative for the annual fashion shows of the major European
fashion designers such as Marc Fontaine, Dior, and Balenciaga.
Irene's counsel/advice (about 'what love is') to the young couple
at the end of the film is particularly moving, when considering
Edie Adams had lost her real-life husband, Ernie Kovacs, the
previous year. Irene, who has only lately come to realize the
extent of Hogan's promiscuity, is determined to prevent him from
getting his hands on her niece. Iris Simpkins (Kate Winslet), a
society columnist for The Daily Telegraph in London, has been in
love with Jasper Bloom (Rufus Sewell) for over three years,
despite his infidelities and the fact they have broken up some
time previously. Iris and Arthur arrive at the ceremony and are
pleasantly surprised to find that, despite Arthur's fears that
the ceremony would be sparsely attended, the hall is filled with
attendees standing and applauding his achievements. Iris and
Miles celebrate the new year with Amanda and Graham and his
daughters, enjoying the evening, and laughing and dancing
together. Iris and Miles have slowly become friends, and one
night go to the video store to rent some other films that Arthur
had recommended. Iris and Miles then return to Amanda's house,
where they discuss their tendencies to fall for people that they
know are wrong for them, and they begin to bond with each other.
Iris discovers that the Screenwriters' Guild wants to throw a
grand celebration in Arthur's honor, but he is reluctant to
attend for several reasons, chief among them being that he cannot
walk without the assistance of his walker, and does not want to
embarrass himself on stage. Iris does not care. Iris encourages
him to go because it's a tremendous honor for him, and promises
to help him prepare to attend the award function with her. Iris
is touched at first, but then asks if he is still engaged. Iris
responds that she will be back in England by then; Miles replies
"I've never been to England". Iris responds that she would love
to spend the evening with Miles. Iris returns to Amanda's house,
and is later surprised to find Jasper at her doorstep. Iris
visits Lambert, curious about the buyer. Irma la Douce ["Irma the
Sweet"] tells the story of Nestor Patou (Jack Lemmon), an honest
cop, who after being transferred from the park Bois de Boulogne
to a more urban neighborhood in Paris, finds a street full of
prostitutes working at the Hotel Casanova and proceeds to raid
the place. Irmã Maria inadvertently realize what is happening,
try to react, but the bad guys, the stronger the hold. Irmã
Maria, watching a cartoon, has the great idea that can save the
institution: use the Trapalhões - unconditional friends of
children - and ask them to do a show to raise funds to save their
children. Ironically, Dunphy finds that his fellow prep-school
students merely represent a wealthier, more polished class of
delinquent than the friends he has left at home. Ironically,
Ellison says that Joe's ailments are actually psychosomatic,
caused by his experiences in his previous job as a firefighter.
Ironically, Marisa was present when she received the invitation
and even offered Caroline some advice on what to wear for their
“Lunch à deux”. Ironically, he discovers that his wife cost him
double what he saved in taxes. Irresponsible, happy-go-lucky Tony
Spear returns home to the United States and his family after
years of sailing throughout the Orient with his crewman Corky
Nye. Irritated by Flandrin's brusk attitude and certain that she
can get a better deal for her friend, Margot orders him to leave.
Irritated it will no longer be a bait shop, Max and John join
forces to sabotage the restaurant. Irving first plans to sell his
photographs independent of the story, but eventually decides
against it. Irving takes her picture with the same miniature
cigarette-lighter/camera he had used the previous day. Irène and
Graham have another encounter with each other in a parking
garage. Irène drops one of the boxes she is holding, and he picks
it up for her and they stare into each other's eyes. Irène is
disappointed but amused at what he had just done, so she then
smiles and backed up her vehicle and drove through her barrier.
Irène then invites him to come to her house, and tells him to
follow her to her home. Is it beyond our control. Is this over.
Is this really my life. Isabel Walker (Kate Hudson) travels to
Paris to visit her sister, poet Roxy (Watts), who lives with her
husband, Frenchman Claude-Henri, and her young daughter, Gennie.
Isabel also meets Yves, Olivia's protégé, and they begin an
affair. Isabel begins a real relationship with Yves. Isabel
begins planning her wedding with the help of her very
enthusiastic gay friend, Bill. Isabel discovers that he has a
married Russian lover, Magda Tellman, whom he intends to marry
after securing a divorce from Roxy. Isabel feels happy with her
single life and loves herself. Isabel is a regular singer at the
Carvel country club, and when Andy comes there and they are
introduced to each other, she falls in love with him. Isabel runs
out of the room and comes back with casual clothes instead of the
wedding dress. Isabella also quits the show rather than accept
the changes demanded by the network. Isabella flees Brazil for
San Francisco with her Afrio-Brazilian transsexual friend, who
spent her early years with her in the fishing community of
Salvador. Isabella goes after him but has to take an elevator,
and her motion sickness slows her enough to allow Toninho to
depart. Isabella goes to collect her things from the television
studio. Isabella introduces Lizzie to the crowd, and has her sing
"What Dreams Are Made Of". Isabella makes the second offering but
nearly drowns. Isabella performs a sacrifice to Yemanja, a
Brazilian sea goddess, to harden her heart and make her never
love Toninho again. Isabella pursues a relationship with Cliff
but Toninho continues trying to win her back. Isabella's jealousy
grows when Susan develops a crush on Mark. Isabella, with her
love still gone but now wanting it returned, tries to cook
another sacrifice to Yemanja but finds her cooking talent is
gone. Isabelle Grossman works for a New York bookstore which
supports authors through public readings. Isabelle goes on to
tell of when she was raped when she went hitch-hiking. Isabelle
leaves with Sam, and later agrees to meet him the next day at her
grandmother's house. Isabelle makes herself liked by going with
Bronwin (Erica Leerhsen), who learns that her father has blood
cancer, to wait for her parents to pick her up. Isabelle pays
frequent visits to her Bubbie (grandmother), Ida (played by
Yiddish theatre star Reizl Bozyk in her only film role), who
lives on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. Isabelle shows Donald
an abandoned rooftop, calling this a place where people who don't
know where they belong can belong. Isabelle suggests that they
should just be friends. Isabelle takes the liberty of cleaning
his apartment while he goes shopping. Ishika says she can't con
him anymore because they love each other, and the BK has no clue
of it. Isolde is delighted by the news and Augie weakly announces
his new job with Dick's magazine. It again informs her of her
accident, but ends with her and Henry’s wedding. It all boils
down to one name: Irene. It all comes to a boiling point when
Barbara appears on a national TV show talking about a chapter
from the book – "The Worst Kind of Man" – and cites Catcher Block
as the perfect example. It all ended at the altar when Apollo had
a bout of cold feet and left Irene alone in the aisle. It all
ends with an escape by helicopter piloted by Fernandel (actually
John Crewdson) reading a book of flight instructions, capture of
a group of assassins, then a parade for Bob, Fernandel and Ann,
who are heroes. It also comes in handy keeping aggressive men at
bay, as Margot is determined to succeed in her career. It also
involves leaving money at a hotel for a "Mary Jordan". It also
popularizes, as the character of Alex Tremor calls it, "a
corruption" of a section of Plato's Symposium regarding soul
mates, referred to in the movie as "split aparts". It also
provides comic relief in the form of a domineering choir
director. It also seems that they broke up. It also turns out
that Johnny is in love with Patsy, and Jean with Sergeant Frank
Miller (Tom Drake), but both did not want to hurt the other. It
appears Pete might still be seeing other women, but when he gets
a promotion at work, Tillie announces it's time to get married.
It appears in the newspaper, showing both Ryan and Tenley, which
causes another fight between Tenley and her dad. It appears that
he has engineered Robert Wilcot's selection as a candidate in
order to spark public interest in the election, boosting his own
business. It appears that she has borderline personality disorder
and becomes an obsessed femme fatale stalking him, even taking
all four wheels off his SUV to ground him from his rounds and
demolishing his nightclub. It appears the one who lifted her is
the prince who is on a helicopter. It becomes apparent that the
superhero, the goons he beats and his invisibility are just his
imagination. It becomes clear his father loved his other son
Gordon much more than Jarrod. It becomes clear that Vivian knows
more about the Lotus than he does, and he lets her drive. It
becomes clear that three women are seeing the same man. It
becomes clear that whilst Vronsky is still able to move freely in
Russian society, Anna is barred from it. It becomes clear to
Susie that she is nothing like her roommates. It begins when a
young woman, named Julie (Condola Rashad), meets at a loft with
her former anthropology professor, named Adam (Justin Kirk),
where she tells him that she is a virgin and wants him to take
her virginity. It comes out during questioning that Joe and
Connie live at the same address. It depicts two people, played by
Karen Sillas and Tom Noonan, on a first date; their conversation
gradually reveals their lonely lives and hidden personalities. It
disappoints Larry, who had been excited about Mercedes' interest
in him. It does give Mickey an idea, however, for a campaign in
which "Miss Luxemberg" is now "Mrs. It does, and he does. It
does. It doesn't take long for Charley to return west. It doesn’t
take long for the Parisian scenery to play with Maggie’s
emotions, leading her into the arms of mr Fontaine. It doesn’t
take long, with a little elbow grease, for the kids’ heart to
shine through. It ends with Spectacular. It ends with the happy
couple apparently resolved to their 'condition' and past any
questions of their gender and sexual identity. It finally reaches
the point where he manages to kill all the respect and love that
Edith held for him as her husband. It gets more complicated with
the entrance of Paolo, a photography assistant for one of the
photographers at Vogue. It gives you a sense of the loneliness
and lack of deep connection Alison is going through while trying
to maintain her relationship with her beau in Tokyo, all while
making you aware that Wes is only carrying on with his life by
holding onto the best memories between them. It has also been
called an African American Red Shoe Diaries. It has been six
months since Laida Magtalas and Miggy Montenegro became a couple.
It included the tale of Cenerentola, which features a wicked
stepmother and evil stepsisters, magical transformations, a
missing slipper, and a hunt by a monarch for the owner of the
slipper. It is 1961, two years after the original Grease. It is
Cindy, who is moving back to Los Angeles and wants to be friends
with Heather. It is December 1938 in the town of Carvel. It is
Eliza, standing in the doorway, tentatively returning to him. It
is Eliza, who has come to take speech lessons so she can get a
job as an assistant in a florist's shop. It is February 1929 in
the city of Chicago, during the era of prohibition. It is
Forster's afterthought of the novel, and he quite clearly states
that "I cannot think where George and Lucy live". It is Foussard,
who dies in the fall. It is New Year's weekend and the friends of
Peter (Fry) gather at his newly inherited country house. It is
Robert Classon. It is Toshi. It is a box of albums with a
handwritten note from Adam declaring his love for Caroline. It is
a golf-ball-sized metal ball which flies through the window and
lands in his fishbowl, quickly draining the water along with the
goldfish. It is a portrait of Sally. It is about a small town
girl on her rise to stardom. It is also clear that the political
contest is added to by the enmity of the two electoral agents the
Tory Harding-Pratt and Labour's Bert Glimmer. It is also learned
throughout the film that Frank's wife committed suicide, and that
Frank suffers from depression as a result of his guilt from not
being able to see something was wrong with her until it was too
late. It is also revealed that Gwen became a compulsive liar in
order to escape from what she feels is her own inadequate
background, and that she has "changed" her life numerous times.
It is an unwitting waiter (Eric Blore) who finally clears the
whole thing up by revealing that Cyril himself is an adulterer,
thus clearing the way for Mimi to get a divorce and marry Guy. It
is at New York thatJ. It is at this point that Joe and Lucy
realize that they are perfect for each other. It is at this point
that she realizes how well Gyeon-woo understands her. It is clear
Pete is taken by Gladys. It is clear that she is preparing a
surprise birthday party for Alain, her daughter Louise is there
with her boyfriend Henry helping in the kitchen. It is down to an
elaborate plan involving Dylan, Jez, and (if they can persuade
her) Georgie, to break them out of jail in order to save their
dream. It is during a visit to the doctor at the fair that Mike
falls for Diane Warren, an attractive but stubborn nurse who
resists Mike's advances. It is during this episode that Rhonda
falls down, apparently paralyzed. It is evident that Jesse still
has feelings for Marissa and vice versa, but there is much
tension in the air. It is finally revealed that two people had
been masquerading as the ghost. It is found that Blake has a
living grandnephew named Longfellow Deeds (Adam Sandler), who
runs a pizzeria in New Hampshire and also writes greeting cards
in the hopes that Hallmark may be interested in one. It is
gatecrashed by Otto and Leo, in impeccable evening dress,
determined to reclaim her. It is here also that Jackie becomes
acquainted with Marcus (Inigo Pascual), Kiko's brother, via video
call. It is hinted she was a member of "Spectacular. It is hinted
that Sybil died. It is his own apartment, and he sets everything
up to record her saying she loves him. It is immediately snapped
up by her naive niece, Robin (Lynley). It is implied that Bryce
drops Garrett as a friend in favor of Juli by the end. It is
implied that Zack frequently abuses Pearl emotionally and
physically and perhaps she was hoping to catch her husband with
Eve so she could finally have an excuse to divorce him. It is
impossible to throw him out, as it is discovered that he is now a
confidant of Senator Harlan and his daughter's target of
affection. It is in a small lake-side town called North Hatley.
It is later learned that Marlowe had been killed in an accident.
It is later revealed that Brooke's "date" (who initially asked
her out, but she politely rejected) was actually a client
interested in a piece of artwork she kept at the condo. It is
left ambiguous as to whether or not Adam and Jenny have sex. It
is not clear if he lived or died until the sequel, Gubra which
shows that Jason really didn't die. It is not very rewarding
financially, and Mae is in debt. It is obvious that Ozzy likes
Roxanna, but she is a bit apprehensive as she sees him as a gang-
member type person, although Marissa has noted that he hasn't
been part of that crowd for quite some time. It is obvious to all
of their friends that they miss each other's company. It is often
seen as a modern, post-feminism interpretation of the Cinderella
myth. It is one she knows he wrote for his wife when trying to
persuade her to marry him. It is only then that the live in
witnesses, her niece Jane Luana Walters and Henry's friend Bob
Grant, Bob Byrd notice that the shoe Henry brought back that
night is about a size four; too small for Nan. It is only when
she's driving for some time that she discovers Kiko's younger
brother is in the car. It is positive. It is revealed at this
time that Trent hired Douglas's agency to break the engagement.
It is revealed that Alejandro's biological mother Madonna is
going to be coming from Colombia to the wedding, which upsets
Alejandro since he does not have a "traditional" family, and his
Catholic mother would not approve of that or the fact that Don
and Ellie had been divorced. It is revealed that Emma's boyfriend
accidentally killed the man with whom Emma was having an affair,
and she is not aware of this. It is revealed that Holden has
dissolved their partnership over Bluntman and Chronic, leaving
the viewer with the assumption that he sold the publishing and
creative rights over to Banky (which is corroborated in the
beginning of Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back). It is revealed that
Kiko knew who Jackie was all along and is one of the coordinators
for the volunteer medical mission. It is revealed that Lester is
Diamond Jim's son. It is revealed that Lori's character has
"brain fever" and will die; still hoping to be rid of Celeste,
Montana ad-libs and suggests that a brain transplant can save
her. It is revealed that Phil was wearing a wire courtesy of
Grant, who informed Arroyo of the situation. It is revealed that
Randall's American flag boxers, which were earlier used as a
replacement for the original flag, had been stolen by a Martian.
It is revealed that Sue was once offered as a bride to the well-
meaning but dim-witted prizefighter known as Killer Khalsa;
offended that her parents would even consider such a match, she
has been playing mischief in revenge. It is revealed that his
business partner and best friend is the thief, but he gets away
with the money. It is revealed that the detective found himself
in the Versailles of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette, and is last
seen fleeing from the agents of the State. It is revealed that
the movie actually contains a compliment to Dylan at the end that
Dylan doesn't see. It is revealed that the whole night Stevie
stayed up and wrote a contract concerning her and Jonah's deal.
It is revealed to be a spaceship which resembles a human (Eddie
Murphy), controlled by 100 tiny humanoid aliens. It is ruled that
Daniel will return to Earth. It is set in the Bronx during the
1990s. It is soon clear that Inès is attracted to Estelle,
Estelle is attracted to Joseph, and Joseph is not attracted to
either of the two women. It is soon revealed that Sellers, the
family butler who loaded the pistols, made sure both men were
firing blanks while he, Sellers, an expert shot, wounded the Earl
with a weapon of his own. It is spring. It is suggested that
along with his newfound artistic success, Billy may at last find
romantic fulfillment as well. It is suggested that he will die,
and an angel (Emmanuelle Béart) arrives on the scene, given the
task of bringing Jim's soul back to heaven on the night of his
engagement party. It is suggested that much of the script
involved personal details of Hannah and Elliot's marriage that
had been conveyed to Holly through Lee (having been transmitted
first from Elliot). It is the early 1900s. It is the end of their
marriage. It is the property of the fabulously wealthy Nora
Hunter (Laraine Day), who has secretary and friend Sylvia
Lockwood (Marsha Hunt) impersonate her in public. It is the same
one Bill used to commit suicide. It is the story of a rich
Manhattan playwright named Henry (Edward Herrmann) who goes on an
exotic vacation to Egypt with companions Jason (John Wood) and
Rita (Deborah Rush). It is then revealed that Leroy is gay, which
doesn't bother Samantha. It is then revealed that McKinley
described the third kind of people he came across as being the
ones who embraced death as a friend and an equal, with a
heartfelt laughter. It is then that Bill reveals that he knows
Connie's true identity, and that he loves her anyway. It is then
that Julian finds a YouTube video of his wife stripping and
accepting money for sex at a fraternity party. It is then that
Marcia realizes her philandering husband has already ruined their
marriage. It is then that Scott tells Jenn of his plan to
secretly propose to Matt that evening. It is then up to the girls
to come up with a plan to save the dairy, and the jobs of those
who are working, but no one believes in them. It is there that
Nick meets Sheridan "Sheeni" Saunders and his life is turned
completely upside down. It is this experience that brings Frank
to an epiphany: life is short, and his own projected insecurities
are his true enemies. It is true that he spent some time in
England during the war, and he may have met some woman, but he
lacks every memory of Tillie and her two twin children because he
was suffering from amnesia. It is well received. It is with great
surprise than that Baker finds a girl in the straight-laced
Payne's room the following morning. It isn't long before Pete is
smitten and proposes. It isn't until later, as her brother's
wedding approaches, that her mother figures out that they are
dating. It leads to a comic fight between Max and Bones at New
York's Bergdorf Goodman. It leads to a romantic embrace. It looks
like the jig is up when Hank pretends to be Ellen's jealous
husband, and then her brother. It made him dream of buying a
secret decoder ring. It manufactures nothing and provides no
service. It must be fate then, when he once again sees Irene
(Toni Gonzaga), his ex-girlfriend from 3 years ago with whom he
had the best memories with. It offers him cryptic advice on his
love life throughout the movie. It proves unnecessary, though, as
Jeremy is prepared to pay for the entire debt. It requires G
laying down the law to end it, after which she orders people to
drink from her hip flask and get ready for the ceremony. It
reveals both Dwight and Vicky having sex, as Rock yells out,
"Stifler. It revolves around two stories, firstly the upcoming
wedding of Lizzie (Cate) and Guy (Richard) and a second story in
flashback of Guy's previous relationship with Jenny (Frances
O'Connor). It runs out she is more than lucky and she makes the
firm a neat load of cash in a very short span of time. It scares
him to the point where he cannot sing at rehearsal. It seems
Emily must learn the hard way that love and family require
sacrifice and not everybody can be happy. It seems like a good
deal, until they find out Kimble is an eccentric who would sign
over anything and the deed is worthless. It seems like a social
coup for Lil, until her hairdresser friend and confidante Sally
(Una Merkel) points out that all the guests have left early to
attend a surprise party for Irene (who lives across the street).
It seems that John married Lilly as a favor to get her into theS,
intending to divorce her so that she can wed her true love,
John's old pal Fred Taylor (Jack Carson). It seems that Leo and
her ex-husband arranged the "assault" and the "prostitute" so
that they could separate without any blame attaching to Leo, who
wishes to marry another man - John Hotchkiss. It seems that the
pamphlets have revealed to them the dangers of marriage. It seems
there's hope for them reconciling when Peggy looks at Charlie
with new eyes and (citing a reference from her grandfather who
claimed that her grandmother's strudel kept the family together)
says, "I'd like to invite you over to your house for dinner on
Sunday with your kids. It seems, however, that Burke has not been
following his own advice, and in fact has not been dealing with
the loss of his wife. It should be noted that an almost identical
scene occurred in the movie Together Again (1944). It shows mr
Summers slipping a capsule down the jockey's back. It soon
becomes apparent that he has also drastically changed his view of
Miranda as well. It soon becomes apparent that he must care for
his aging, bitter father Max, as well as support his emotionally
fragile mother Lorraine, especially since his father has also
just been fired from his 35-year career in the garment industry.
It states: "Glade and Sears are next door neighbors and old
friends. It takes her over a year to finally find the courage to
mail the letter. It takes several confessions by several people
to resolve everyone's dilemmasl. It takes some doing, but
everything finally works out. It takes the murder of his
grandmother, an avid supporter of Alderman Marvin Harris' anti
corruption campaign for Mayor, by members of mobster Michael
Minelli's gang, to awaken him to the realities of his city's
urban decay. It tells her how he believed he would always be with
her, forever, and how much he loves her. It then becomes obvious
they are at a train station and the "noose" is actually a
trackside pickup hoop used by train crews to receive orders
without stopping, and the bars are merely the ticket barrier. It
then shows Johnny's mother and father are watching the show on TV
and see Johnny and Kim kiss. It turns out Betsy is friends with
Daphne, and she agrees to introduce Andy to her. It turns out Ed
is Smokey's new boss. It turns out Joe's lies were a tad larger
than he first said, since he has faked letters from his loving
wife - letters that his boss, Arthur Truesdale Worth (Charles
Dingle), has read. It turns out Rodrigo was not interested in the
car but a bag that was supposed to be in the trunk. It turns out
colleagues only assumed Victor and Dolly were husband and wife,
and they never actually tied the knot. It turns out he has a
secret cache of diamonds given him by the last Czar, and is
persuaded to start selling them. It turns out however that Ellen
was merely shipwrecked on a deserted island, and has been
rescued. It turns out many of the paper airplanes have collected
in a nearby alley, and when the lipstick-marked paper airplane
lands among them, they begin to stir and fly from the ground,
seeming to come alive, and set off in pursuit of George. It turns
out she is unsatisfied at home and a willing participant when
Taylor flirts with her while posing as a shoe salesman, engaging
him in dangerous sex in public places. It turns out she needs him
to kill a spider. It turns out she was bluffing about divorcing
and leaving him all along, when her suitcase opens as they kiss
and make up, revealing that it is empty. It turns out that Bunmi
was the one sending Alan threatening messages all along. It turns
out that Caesar used to be Waters' pet parrot. It turns out that
Cindy actually is a spy, but for American counterintelligence,
despite the opposition of her guardian, Colonel Edwin Martin, the
base commander. It turns out that Colin was only over to avoid a
girl that he slept with, because he doesn't want to give the
women he sees any expectations. It turns out that Edy has cancer,
it's serious but he's being treated for it. It turns out that
Freddie had called Costikyan after being rescued and used him to
help her get the $50,000. It turns out that Fritz is a member of
the gang. It turns out that Jerry had carried on affairs, first
with the Chicago murder victim, then with his accused killer. It
turns out that Manulani was the granddaughter of the last
hereditary prince of the islands, and Amelia finally puts all of
the pieces together to solve the mystery. It turns out that
Senator Mabby is mounting a public campaign against nudity, and
the artwork (for which his daughter posed) would be terribly
embarrassing to him. It turns out that Woody (in Nell's body)
can't fight him, and Nell (in Woody's body) runs up and punches
him in the face. It turns out that he had cause for concern;
Steve persuades Belle to marry him. It turns out that he is the
mysterious Freddie Denmark on his way to Kansas City to find the
crooked accountant who got him into trouble with the IRS. It
turns out that his colleague had encouraged Leo to attend his
weekly men's group run by New Age type goofball Keith (Simon
Callow) whose wife is Sybil (Harriet Walter). It turns out that
just before he left on his expedition, Jeff got drunk and married
Martha. It turns out that not all the children have been rescued,
and Mary is trapped with one left behind. It turns out that the
necklace is an extremely valuable piece belonging to Lady
Devenish (Grace Lane), who is impressed by Molly's honesty and
invites her to her home to present her with a substantial cash
reward. It turns out that they went to the restaurant, but left
when they spotted Collins. It turns out the dice were loaded;
they always throw three and four. It turns out the property sale
agreement wasn't formally correct and the land is returned to the
town. It turns out to be "The Blonde" who says she knows him and
maybe she would see him cruising the coming night. It turns out
to be a disaster; George is so overwhelmed with his troubles that
Lisa eventually asks that they just eat in silence, and they part
ways not expecting to see one another again. It turns out to be a
message from the crooked cops with Tommy recording it. It turns
out to be the wrong woman, Monica's roommate Hannah (Michelle
Monaghan), and Tom likes her because she is so honest and does
not fling herself at him. It turns out well despite Akpors'
blunders and Richard's interference. It was Jeff's idea to stow
away, but it was Orville 'smoking in the powder room' that caused
the explosion. It was Pedigrew who hired the private detective.
It was based upon The Woman Haters by Joseph Lincoln. It was
later found out that Sally did not became pregnant. It was
published posthumously in 1634. It was released to DVD in North
America in 2005. It will be thrown by socialite sisters Dove and
Fawn Greenstein. It will only take three days and Burke would be
rewarded handsomely for his trouble. It works temporarily, then
backfires. It works. It works. It would now appear that Patrick
and Jenny have broken up but at a boozy and somewhat riotous
party at Julian's house, Patrick takes advantage, in the early
hours, of a tired and sozzled Jenny in one of the guest bedrooms.
It's 1738, and Gracie Alden (Gracie Allen) of the powerful Alden
family fails to graduate from the college founded by her
grandfather for the ninth year in a row, so he leaves it in his
will to the first female of the family to graduate within 200
years. It's Matt who walks into the closet, to Jenna's horror.
It's a "nasty send-up of Andrew Lloyd Webber" called Elephant.
It's arranged for the Crain sisters to meet in Portland. It's
been a long time since they've had female companionship, and they
receive a broadcast showing human females. It's like two birds of
different species. It's not always easy to hold this smile". It's
revealed in the present that after high school, Alicia and Mike
went their separate ways. Its Captain (also played by Murphy)
pilots the spaceship from the command deck located in its head,
with the help of his second-in-command Number 2 (Ed Helms), and
researcher Number 3 (Gabrielle Union). Its epigraph is Vengeance
is mine, I will repay, from , which in turn quotes from. Its
young director, Captain Cummings (Cary Grant), is in reality an
undercover Federal agent working to infiltrate and expose the
illegal activities in the bar. It’s about that time in your life
when you’re in your first real job and your first real adult
relationship—the one you think might just last forever. Ivan can
return to the Soviet Union to aid the war effort, enriched by
Anne's love. Ivan then declare his love for Judy and tells her
that if she would like, he would be willing to spend the night
with her. Ivy Moore, an African-American maid, age 26, has worked
for the Austin family for nine years, after arriving from Florida
where she was raised by her grandmother. Ivy gives chase but
despite their efforts they fail to retrieve the package. Izzy and
Karin leave as the team begins to argue. Izzy angrily admits that
his father was obsessed with boxing, that it was all that they
talked about since his mother died, and that he no longer liked
the sport, and only did it for him. Izzy apologizes, and his
father quietly accepts the apology before making an excuse to
leave. Izzy arrives and apologizes to Mary, who jokes around with
him and smiles before handing him a uniform, and all is forgiven.
Izzy coldly refuses, stating that he needs to focus on boxing,
and rejects Mary even when she begs him. Izzy considers the
offer, and after they coerce a reluctant Mary into asking him to
agree, he does so, on the condition that they practice in the gym
before school, where nobody can see them. Izzy declines, but
Rodney refuses to drop the subject. Izzy is left with little
choice but to agree to go, leaving his team to put on a
disappointing performance, and leading Mary to expel him from the
team, despite his apologies. Izzy meets his father afterwards
while the judges decide the winners, and he apologizes for
pushing boxing so hard, having done it motivated by wanting to
connect with Izzy. Izzy overhears them, and Shauna and Keisha
explain that Yolanda joined the Dutch Dragons, leaving them down
a player. Izzy promises not to be late again, and his dad leaves,
leaving Izzy alone with his thoughts. Izzy scoffs at the alleged
difficulty of jumping rope, and Mary subsequently challenges Izzy
to speed jump. Izzy states that it's not that easy with him, and
Mary gives him a quick kiss before going back to her room. Izzy
takes out his anger through training at the gym, where Mary finds
him and asks him to rejoin the team. Izzy's boxing skills are
great enough that he stands only one exhibition match away from
going to the Golden Gloves; his opponent is Rodney, the only
other undefeated boxer in the gym. J, the drug dealer, finds out
about the fake drugs and threatens to kill Tom if he doesn't
return him his moneyJ. J-5 drills a hole in the tank and the pair
kick their way to freedom at the last minute. Jack (Prinze Jr) is
a thirty-something New York City advertising executive, living a
life forged from routine. Jack (Richard Grant) and Sarah (Imogen
Stubbs) are expecting a baby together, but a complication during
the birth leads to the death of Sarah. Jack Campbell is a single
Wall Street executive living in New York City. Jack Lemmon stars
as the playboy landlord Hogan, a swinging bachelor. Jack Singer
(Cage) has sworn to his mother while she was on her deathbed that
he would never get married. Jack Taylor is enraged by the damages
done to the house and throws Tom out. Jack Taylor's ex-secretary
Audrey goes to the house to try to earn her job back. Jack
accepts, eventually winning over the people and even the dead
president's mistress, Madonna (Braga). Jack admits that maybe he
had been too hard on Greg, and he brings him back to the Byrnes'
household. Jack agrees to give her a big settlement check. Jack
and Joan are separated, and Omar corners Joan atop the burning
scaffolding. Jack and Sally admit their marital problems still
exist (her frigidity is not solved), but they find they accept
their problems as simply the price they have to pay to remain
together. Jack angrily calls Greg out in front of the entire
family for his lack of honesty, and demands that he call off his
relationship with Pam and leave immediately. Jack asks her to be
his wife (again) and she says yes. Jack comes home one night and
surprises Andie with a pink dress he bought for her at a thrift
shop. Jack convinces Miles to drive him back to Cammi's house and
sneak inside, where he discovers Cammi and her husband having
sex. Jack decides to take Lee home to spend Christmas with his
family. Jack discovers this, steals the taxi, and sees Betsy
outside the Kauai Club, where he's attacked by Tommy and
arrested. Jack eventually is able to overcome his fear and lands
and spots Betsy, which then ruins Tommy's plans. Jack eventually
re-enters the dating scene, regaining his sexual confidence with
the assistance of Sandy (Sally Kellerman). Jack explains he was
forced to flee without his clothes and wallet (which contains a
pair of irreplaceable wedding rings). Jack finally breaks it off
for good with Ann. Jack finally confesses his real identity, and
the couple make plans to marry. Jack forgoes closing the
pharmaceutical acquisition deal to intercept Kate. Jack gives
Joy's ex-fiancé, Mason (Jason Sudeikis), her engagement ring back
without Joy knowing. Jack gives Pellet the check for $1,000 to
cover the rent for the next two weeks, but Pellet tears up the
check and orders the Chesters to leave the house when their first
two weeks expire or he'll throw them out personally. Jack goes
outside and George tells him that the bomb threat was called in
by someone who wants to fight ugliness. Jack has purchased their
parents' home and lives in it with his wife Molly. Jack himself
conducts a background check on Greg's MCAT scores and finds
nothing on anyone named Greg Focker ever taking the MCAT's. Jack
is furious with Jill for violating their pact of honesty, and
they break up. Jack is immediately attracted to Stephanie and
arranges a double date, to include Miles and Maya, and tells
Miles that he learned Maya is no longer married ("sans rock", as
he describes it). Jack is living the life he could have had, had
he stayed in the United States with his girlfriend. Jack is
startled to learn Marion has remained in contact with numerous
ex-lovers and becomes increasingly uncomfortable due to the
language barrier and a multitude of her old flames she keeps
meeting. Jack is torn between his love for Molly and his lust for
Ann, a former romantic interest of Barry's. Jack kidnaps her and
steals another guest's autogyro to carry her off to his home.
Jack knocks Omar over the side, killing him. Jack later runs into
Ralph (Danny DeVito), the swindler from Jack and Joan's previous
adventure in Colombia who demands Jack turn over the gem Jack and
Joan found. Jack meets Jill (Manning) by chance on a rooftop.
Jack now realizes that he will have to skydive from 3,000 feet in
order to get to Betsy. Jack offers to help Cash. Jack plays along
and manages to trick the lunatic into entering a room, which Jack
then locks. Jack realizes his mistakes and gives Tom a promotion.
Jack realizes she knows that he talked to Mason. Jack realizes
that the culprit has to be Jill. Jack reevaluates his life, and
just as he quits his job, a bomb threat is called in at his work.
Jack reminds her that they have a lot of money between them. Jack
returns to his penthouse and sleeps. Jack runs out to the street
and encounters Cash driving Jack's Ferrari. Jack rushes to the
airport, convinces airport security to release Greg, and demands
that he be honest about everything that transpired. Jack says he
has everything he needs. Jack senses that Maya is interested in
Miles, who downplays his friend's intuition, and tells Jack that
Maya is married. Jack struggles to fit into the role of a family
man, such as missing opening Christmas presents, flirting with a
married woman and forgetting his anniversary. Jack suggests
Jill's name for an ad shoot. Jack takes an instant dislike to
Greg and openly criticizes him for his chosen career of nursing
and whatever else he sees as a sign of weakness. Jack talks to
his parents and they tell him it looks like he and Joy are in
love. Jack tells Maya that Miles' manuscript has been accepted
for publication, even though it is only being considered. Jack
tells her that there will be a relatively significant earthquake
in San Francisco at 9:06 am; she hopes that it will be wrong but
again it also becomes reality. Jack then inspects what he thinks
is Greg's luggage, unaware that it is actually not his own,
finding an assortment of sex toys, including a strap-on dildo.
Jack then jumps to the false conclusion that Greg is not even a
real nurse, but a drug dealer posing as a hospital worker for
easy access to drugs, per their previous discussion about "Puff
the Magic Dragon". Jack then receives a leg injury that prevents
him from spending time with his family. Jack tracks down her
wacky friend, Lucy (Parise), and pleads his case. Jack tries
desperately to get Betsy back and discovers that Tommy has taken
her to Hawaii, where he has a vacation home. Jack's best friend
and business partner, George (Stebbings), notices a more playful
side to Jack's usual cynicism, and wants to meet the cause.
Jack's boss has been alerted to the affair, and secretly listens
outside the courtroom. Jack's young daughter realizes his secret,
thinks he is an alien and decides to assist him in surviving his
new life. Jack, Joan, and Al-Julhara arrive to expose Omar but
are captured. Jack, grief-stricken, goes on an alcoholic bender,
leaving his daughter to be taken care of by his parents and
Sarah's mother, until they decide to take drastic action: they
return the baby to Jack whilst he is asleep, leaving him to take
care of it. Jackie (Kathryn Bernardo) is a troubled, nineteen-
year-old wild child, much to the dismay of her separated parents.
Jackie Laurens (Heather Locklear) is a recently divorced,
40-year-old and mother of a teenage son and daughter who takes a
vacation alone to Hawaii where, against her better judgment, she
meets and hooks up with hunky, 27-year-old resident surf
instructor Kyle Hamilton (Robert Buckley). Jackie and Adam are
dating. Jackie and Brett decide to try again to set them up, and
the two men start to develop a relationship. Jackie attempts to
call Meryl but Paul's assistant Adam stops her by kissing her,
which she responds to by tasering him. Jackie begins to put more
effort into the mission and becomes closer to the people of the
community. Jackie convinces her brother to stop for a bathroom
break at a marketplace where she attempts to escape yet again.
Jackie directly and firmly rejects Marcus' advances, because she
is in love with Kiko. Jackie drives Kiko back and helps out his
sister, after learning that she had just gotten her period.
Jackie gets the idea of reuniting the three men later that
evening on a TV show hosted by Madeline Bradville (Gray). Jackie
however, has no intention of following through with orders and
tries to sneak out of the house, only to be stopped by her older
brother who was sent by their mother to collect her. Jackie
offers Niles' job to Larry, plus a company car, a new Mercedes
and he accepts. Jackie runs off, and her mother follows after
which she demands to know the reason why she was the one left
behind. Jackie turns out to be a tall, masculine transvestite.
Jackie voices her struggle with growing up without her mother and
expresses her inability to forgive her. Jacob finally comes out
to his mother (after he inadvertently ejaculates on her coat as
his sexuality is revealed), and flees with Octavio. Jacobsen
finishes with a par on 18, tied for the lead with Roy and one
shot ahead of Simms. Jacqueline is spared and becomes Danielle's
lady-in-waiting. Jacqueline's younger sister, June (Joyce
Howard), decides to help her older sister out to save her
marriage from falling apart. Jade locks Tiffany into an oven,
while Jesse pushes Chucky out the window. Jaded playboy Richard
Fleming travels to the South American nation of Rosarita. Jake
Anderson, another recent divorcee, finds himself in a similar
position; his lawyer, Charlie, wants to set him up with a woman
named Sherry. Jake Bianski is the owner of a fish market in the
North End of Boston, Massachusetts. Jake Cunningham (Shawn
Christian) is an uptight FBI agent assigned to protect Brandi
O'Neill (Jami Gertz), a lower-class cocktail waitress who
recently helped with the tax fraud investigation of her
billionaire boyfriend. Jake Stein (Frankie Muniz) is a 17-year-
old who lives with his sick mother and grandfather in Brooklyn.
Jake and Brian walk in on the ladies having a tearful moment, and
later Jake and Anna have an argument over the religious issues
complicating their romance, which ends in the two parting ways in
frustration. Jake and Charlie are discussing Sarah when he admits
that she intrigued him. Jake and Kristy then begin a program to
assist their efforts to become pregnant, which eventually
succeed. Jake and Kristy then continue to adjust to their new
live until Kristy unilaterally decides to cease taking
contraceptives, without telling Jake, until, after several
months, she informs him that he has been unable to impregnate
her. Jake asks his best friend, Davis McDonald, played by Alec
Baldwin before the wedding if he thinks he'll be happy, to which
his friend says, "Yeah, you'll be happy. Jake begins fantasizing
about having an affair with a mysterious young French Model, who
is wise beyond Jake's years. Jake decides to move forward, and
asks his boss Paula on a date. Jake del Mundo (Gerald Anderson)
is a handsome boy who comes from a privileged background. Jake
feels pressure, from society and from his wife, to have a child.
Jake inquires further about Sam, and Ted explains the situation.
Jake instantly bonds with Paul, however, and no matter how hard
Julie tries to keep Paul from complicating her life, the more he
begins to fall for her, and she finds she too is falling badly
for him even while her boyfriend is pushing to set a wedding
date. Jake interrupts Anna's going away office party and manages
to get her attention from a window in the building across the
street and calls to explain himself and offer to set things
right. Jake is angry at his mother because of her recent divorce.
Jake is confronted by Sherry at an art gallery; she is curious
why he did not call her, but again Jake does not seem interested.
Jake is playing with Whit's hospital bed, and to Libby's disgust,
Whit calls him a "little shit". Jake later uses the excuse of
finding them together to break up with Caroline (who had
surprisingly fallen for Ted and doesn't mind the break-up very
much). Jake learns that Lainey is going to re-enroll in school
and possibly move to Michigan. Jake leaves, upset. Jake makes a
deal with Ted: If Ted lets Jake keep Sam's panties, Jake will
allow Ted to drive home his drunk popular girlfriend, Caroline
Mulford (Haviland Morris), in Jake's father's Rolls Royce. Jake
must figure out how to become a man, if he is ever going to
finish writing his memoir. Jake quickly befriends Mark, a local
rich kid, whose excessive drug use helps him get through the
pressures of teenage life in Southern Florida, where the "in"
crowd only cares about how much money one's parents make, who’s
coming to one's pool party, and whether or not one is getting
laid. Jake reminds Marina of her younger brother, who died in a
motorcycle accident, and Jake is unable to get over the fact that
such a beautiful woman is interested in him. Jake runs into a man
named Bill outside a coffee shop, not realizing that this man is
Sarah's father. Jake takes Sarah rowing and they share a kiss.
Jake wants to be a writer and tells his bosses that, which amuses
and threatens one boss, who himself had failed at ever writing a
book. Jake's best friend suddenly visits after not seeing him for
two years, which causes the two to both envy one another's lives,
and to also reaffirm their own. Jake's entire house is completely
trashed. Jakes), they decide to stay while a driver picks up
Jason's family and friends. Jamal Jeffries (Miguel Núñez, Jr) is
a UBA (fictional version of the NBA) basketball star whose
undisciplined on-and-off-court antics have earned him a bad
reputation in the basketball community. Jamal Jeffries is
reinstated into the UBA and returns to action with his old team,
a better player and person. Jamal is dropped from his team, the
Charlotte Beat and suspended indefinitely after he strips naked
in protest of being taken out of a game. Jamal is fired from the
team, and the Banshees, devastated at the betrayal, begin to
suffer on the court as a result. Jamal quickly becomes a star on
the court, and his overall attitude changes drastically as well.
Jamal's cover is blown at the end of the said game when Jamal
decides to dunk the winning basket and shatters the backboard.
Jamal, now out of work and homeless, goes to live with his no-
nonsense Aunt Ruby (Jenifer Lewis), the only person that doesn't
put up with Jamal's outrageous antics. Jamal, seeing this,
decides to try to make things right again, and enters the
Banshees' locker room during another game's halftime to apologize
for the lies and tell them that playing with them had changed his
views and attitude about basketball, women, and life in general.
James Bedsop (Charles Hawtrey) is a private detective Sophie
hires to spy on Sid's after-hours activities when he supposedly
"vets" the female clients, including Esme. James Kelly (Guy
Robertson) and his pal Happy Moran (Edgar Kennedy) are taking
their all-girl-dancing troupe across the ocean to tour Europe,
when Kelly and the mysterious Catherine Bell (Irene Ware), fall
for each other, literally. James and Mollie realize that Mikey
already sees James as his father, and they decide to give it a
chance, kissing passionately while Mikey considers telling him he
needs a new diaper, before deciding to wait. James and Mollie run
to reach him and take him to safety, where Mikey unofficially
asks James to be his father by saying his first word "Da-da".
James arrives and he and Mollie make up. James calls her out for
using Mikey to push men away including himself and he storms out.
James comes to the apartment and tells Mikey that he won't be
around any more, and Mollie listens over the baby monitor as he
pours his heart out to Mikey who admits he will miss James too.
James continues to serendipitously pop into Helen's life,
cheering her up and encouraging her to start her own public
relations firm. James finds her on a bridge and explains that he
was married but is now separated and planning a divorce. James is
working as a minor drug dealer, and tries to raise money to pay
off a supplier to whom he is indebted. James leaves Miranda
behind to make his album, what he always wanted to do, but
realizes he left his heart with her. James occasionally hangs out
with his kids (including scamming their way into a movie theater)
and has fun with them. James relaxes in the evenings by lying on
the hood of his car parked "in a great spot" beside Wrigley
Field, and during the days by walking around the North Side of
Chicago with his friend Luca, appreciating the buildings. James
runs in and gets the fire extinguisher and puts out the fire.
James takes Katey back to the car and assaults her after she
refuses to kiss him. James tells Mollie that he loves her, but
she says she only wants what is best for Mikey and kicks him out.
James' girlfriend, Missy (Camille Mana), who is one of his
father's students, tells Lawrence that James has had a poem
accepted by The New Yorker. James, smitten, returns to the shop,
where Beth takes him on adventures, including a shopping trip for
her to try on underwear. Jamie admits that while the two are
"just friends", she tried to "put herself out there" to Chris, to
show Chris that she is interested in a relationship. Jamie also
appears, working as a bartender to support herself through
graduate school. Jamie doesn't reciprocate his romantic feelings;
after they share a brief kiss on the cheek, Tim and the class
burst in and humiliate Chris again. Jamie punches Chris and he is
tossed out of the bar. Jamie rapes Nola, while mockingly asking
her if he's as good sexually, as Greer or Mars. Jamie refuses to
listen and Dusty tries to convince her to have sex with him.
Jamie, however, brings Dusty along, and Chris's mother ends up
joining them, ruining Chris's plan. Jan eventually apologizes and
gives Renata her blessing. Jan is about to get married, leading
Renata to wonder why boyfriend Rob has not yet proposed to her.
Jane (Joan Crawford) is a Prohibition agent who helps uncover
Chicken bootleg activities. Jane Nichols (Katherine Heigl) has
been a bridesmaid for 27 weddings. Jane agrees to one drink with
Kevin and ends up getting drunk. Jane also picks up that Gooch
and Nan seem to recognise each other and trick Gooch into calling
Nan where they overhear her location on an extension phone and
get the truth out of her. Jane and George tell him to come along
so he cannot cause any more trouble. Jane and Pitka kiss. Jane
becomes upset at the roundabout route Malone is forcing them to
take. Jane comes to an artwork show of Joe's where Joe finally
gathers up the courage to ask her out, while Lucy begins dating
Bwick Elias (Ben Stiller), a weirdo artist who paints with his
own body parts. Jane decides that George should know the truth
about Tess and shows pictures of Tess with other men, eating ribs
(as she claimed that she is a vegan, like George), holding a cat
by the tail, and recoiling from George's dog (she told him that
she loves dogs, but actually hates them) — in short, doing all
the things she had told George that she never did. Jane decides
to face the music and go to the benefit for the International Red
Cross and Red Crescent Movement, but doesn't realize that
everyone thinks that she and Richard are engaged. Jane dies soon
after, and the film ends with Richard placing a commemorative
sign honoring Jane's memory on the wreckage of his flying
machine. Jane gets angry at that and decides to show Don. Jane
goes to visit her Aunt and Uncle Gardiner at an unfashionable
address in London. Jane intercepts them and tells Richard that
everyone thinks they are engaged. Jane is a big fan of Pitka's,
having read all of his books. Jane is interviewed by local
newspaper reporter Matilda Runyon, who then calls the Daily
Mirror in New York. Jane is unaware of Kevin's intentions. Jane
later ends her relationship with Valery because it feels like a
betrayal of her friendship with Brian, and Brian's first novel is
published by Galassi. Jane locks herself in her room until her
father gives her a telegram from Richard. Jane receives telegrams
of support from the American public, and the Marshalltown club,
which had earlier reneged, now promises to continue business with
her. Jane runs away and George, in an impassioned speech, scolds
the townspeople for turning against her. Jane scolds him for his
underhanded actions. Jane tells Brian that her boss Galassi (Eric
Stoltz), a publisher, has read his story and wants Brian to write
a novel. Jane travels to New York to appear on ABC, NBC, and CBS,
including the show I've Got a Secret. Jane visits Miss Bingley
and is caught in a rain shower on the way, catching a serious
cold. Jane wins in court, but E&P appeals the case to the state
Supreme Court in Augusta, Maine. Jane's friend points out that
telling the truth to George and breaking their engagement didn't
make her feel better. Janet accompanies Lawrence on a trip to New
York to meet with the publisher, where she learns she is pregnant
with his child. Janet mistakes him for reporter Paul Tracy, who
was supposed to interview her. Janet thinks it means "bird. Janet
tries to make "Paul Tracy" hide or leave, in between performing
on stage. Janet's roommate, Mae Thompson, convinces her to
continue the deception. Janice fires Judith after finding out
about her and Harley's plans, and the two have a falling out.
Janice has just discovered she is expecting a baby, but is unable
to inform Mickey, who is too distracted by work. Janice sends
Judith to New Orleans with Harley to finalize a deal with
shareholders, telling her to flirt with Harley, but also to be
careful. Janie Barlow (Joan Crawford) is a young dancer who is
reduced to stripping in a burlesque show. Japonica reveals that
she has stayed at a clinic named the Chryskylodon Institute.
Jarod (Jonathan Chase) is a handsome and fit jock who is quite
insecure. Jarod and Griff are also having problems, as they have
become a couple, and are conflicted over whether to enter the
contest. Jarod seeks out fellow jocks, including a baseball
pitcher named Beau (James Getzlaff), while Griff tries to earn
the affection of Angel (Darryl Stephens), a male stripper; Jarod
and Griff leave these men to have sex with each other instead,
because they are in love. Jarrod comes home to find the group
laughing and then kills the mood by saying that he'd been with
Tracy all day and that they'd been laughing harder. Jarrod fails
to turn up. Jarrod is depressed about his fight with Eric but
Lily finds him and attempts to cheer him up. Jarrod is impressed
with Lily's shark costume as well as her savant-like video game
skills, making it to the finals of a Fight Man video game
competition, though she loses to defending champion, Jarrod
because she spends their contest staring at him. Jarrod is more
interested in Lily's workmate, Jenny (Chelsie Preston Crayford).
Jarrod spends his time alternating between trying to win his
dad's affection and training for his impending fight with his
high school bully Eric Elisi. Jarrod takes a bite only to
discover his apple is rotten. Jarrod takes flowers over to
Tracy's house and spends the day with her on the beach trying to
impress her with his "fighting skills". Jarrod then attempts to
come over and is pushed away by the father. Jarrod tries to
impress his father with the news he's dating Lily, but father
isn't impressed. Jarrod's dad, Jonah, is a withdrawn man in a
wheelchair. Jarrod's father Jonah spends most of his time
watching an old tape of Gordon winning a cross country meet and
reliving the victory that he felt at that time. Jarrod's sister
(Nancy) and brother-in-law (Doug) seem to sell all kinds of "sell
from home products", like questionable make-up kits, knives and
their own athletic jumpsuit clothing line "Awesome apparel".
Jason (Jason Bateman) and Cynthia (Kristen Bell) are a neurotic
couple who've experienced multiple failed attempts to conceive,
and Shane (Faizon Love), who has recently separated from his
wife, has a much younger twenty-year-old girlfriend, Trudy (Kali
Hawk). Jason (an advertising executive) and Julie (a charitable
investment advisor), longtime best friends now in their mid-30s
live in the same building in Manhattan. Jason (with help from
Hollywood) is the only one who can stop him. Jason Alexander,
Michael Gilio, and Ed Asner co-star in this debut effort by
writer-director Dwayne Johnson-Cochran. Jason Steele is an actor
who plays a doctor on TV. Jason and Julie begin dating again and
enter into budding relationships with young actress Mary Jane and
divorced father Kurt, respectively. Jason and Sabrina have the
wedding and also jump the broom. Jason chases after her before
Zack and Benji rehearse their kissing scene. Jason comes by to
tellJ that he found a new job and is relocating to Chicago with
his boss and girlfriend Sonia Kendall. Jason confronts Benji
about his sexuality who admits he is gay, but is lying due to his
attraction to Zack despite him being in a relationship with
Casey. Jason confronts his mother and tells her he is a grown man
and to stop treating him like a little boy. Jason defends his
decision to have a child with Julie, saying that he loves her
deeply and that she was the soundest choice of person for him to
start a family with. Jason forgives her and takes up a night of
dinner with her. Jason meets back with Sabrina and the two
reconcile. Jason prays to God to help him. Jason removes the
necklace, which awakens Jessie. Jason tells everyone to look for
Sabrina and also punches Malcolm. Jason tells him that they
haven't been best friends in years and Malcolm has only been
there to ask for money. Jason's emotional shift and words make
Julie emotional and uncomfortable, so she sends Jason home.
Jason's group is his insecure mother Pam (Loretta Devine), his
charming uncle Willie Earl (Mike Epps), Pam's best friend Shonda
(Tasha Smith) and Jason's cousin Malcolm (DeRay Davis). Javier
and Carlos talk about how they miss their dad, then they hear
that Batista has fled the country and join the celebration.
Javier comes over and argues with his brother. Javier dances with
Katey while James sits at the bar. Javier gets upset and leaves.
Javier sees her and asks her to come see the real dancers
Saturday night, but she says she is already going to the country
club. Jay (Chris Attoh), a casanova, to the surprise of his
friends, proposes to his girlfriend, Kimora (Yvonne Nelson). Jay
and Rick get into a brawl, which neither Lauren, nor the next-to-
arrive Nick can stop. Jay and Silent Bob are able to rescue
Brodie andS. Jay and Silent Bob are also shown with a monkey
named Suzanne, which promises to be "another story" (told in Jay
and Silent Bob Strike Back). Jay appears, and Lauren finds out
that HE is the groom (Jay = James), not Nick, who is the best
man. Jay attempts to quicken the process by hiring Andy a
prostitute. Jay eventually breaks up with her, because she's
become too possessive of him; on his way out of her apartment,
Jay bumps into Raymond, who's also coming out of a mistress'
apartment, thereby discovering each other's secrets. Jay gets
into an argument with an obnoxious customer (Kevin Hart). Jay
leaves, and a dazed Rick moves into Jay's place. Jay pushes Robin
away, but Terri runs off in tears, ignoring Jay's insistence that
the kiss meant nothing. Jay speaks out of tune during an argument
with Kimora, leading to him confessing his affairs, including the
one with Judith. Jay tries to get Robin to cease her efforts to
keep him and Terri apart. Jay's friend, Raymond (Kweku Elliot) a
casanova who's now also married to one of Kimora's friends, Paula
(Nadia Buari), is indifferent. Jealous of the thought of Irma
being with other men, Nestor comes up with a plan to stop Irma's
prostitution. Jealousy comes between a young couple of newspaper
people when the wife earns more money and becomes more famous
than her husband. Jean Harrington (Barbara Stanwyck) is a
beautiful con artist. Jean becomes furious when she realizes he
has gone. Jean cooperates with the ruse, but it isn't long before
secrets get revealed. Jean is being witnessed posting the letter
and Maddy follows him back to the salon and consequently she
flirts with whom she believes is her secret admirer. Jean is
deeply moved by this and decides to stay, finding a new job and
trying to rebuild her life without running away. Jean is
determined to torment Pike mercilessly, as she explains, "I've
got some unfinished business with him—I need him like the axe
needs the turkey". Jean points out to Johnny an unused nearby
warehouse they wish they could make into a canteen to entertain
the troops. Jean shows herself to be determined and ruthless,
leaving the other girls behind. Jean's father also joins the
festivities. Jean's high education as a translator in several
Asian and European languages is uncovered in a verbal fight in
Chinese with two women. Jean's mother and stepfather mr and mrs
Lloyd arrive next morning. Jean, Polaire, and Schatze are ex-
showgirls who put their money together in order to rent a
luxurious penthouse apartment. Jeana is completely humiliated by
this, and adding insult to injury is the fact that the revelation
of her virginity has made her a target for every oversexed man in
the immediate area, all of them determined to "make a real woman
out of her". Jeannie's father works with his loathsome son-in-law
Chip (the husband of Jeannie's older sister Gaylord) to find a
way to discredit Booger and cause Jeannie to call off the
wedding. Jed and Cheryl turn to a relationship counseller but
when asked if he loves Cheryl, Jed can't bring himself to say
"Yes", and instead covers up by saying of course, he "loves her
TO BITS". Jed has long liked Sophie without realising that he was
falling in love with her and even when Marcus and his new love
leave London on the Eurostar to Paris, Jed lacks the courage to
tell Sophie of his true feelings, even though she is aware of
them herself. Jed looks to his friend, Marcus for help and for
advice from Grimandi who tries to school him in the French
philosophy of love. Jed rushes off to see Sophie, who greets him
warmly, whilst we see Cheryl enjoying her new independence. Jed,
a journalist is living with his long-term girlfriend, Cheryl,
with the couple regularly seeing Jed's best friend Marcus and his
girlfriend, Sophie. Jeff (Tom Drake) arrives home to New York
City after being away in the Navy for several years. Jeff Peters
(Bing Crosby) and Orville 'Turkey' Jackson (Bob Hope) are seen
floating at sea aboard a pile of wreckage. Jeff Peters (John
Malkovich) is an emotionally repressed scientist who cannot stand
others because of their intellectual inferiority. Jeff and Gidget
reconcile on the beach and head back to the hotel to straighten
everything out with the adults. Jeff and Judge jump into a
speedboat and save her. Jeff and Mary are invited to a party at
Dill and Connie's house, and the two decide to attend in order to
cause some havoc and shock the newlywed couple. Jeff and Orville
learn the sheik is pursuing a princess for marriage. Jeff and
Orville try to use their 'patty-cake' routine on Kasim, but it
backfires. Jeff arrives, announcing his presence on a loudspeaker
set up in his car, and broadcasts his invitation to Marian to
come with him to the Red Door Inn on the 19th. Jeff breaks up the
party and confronts Orville, who has Jeff thrown out. Jeff calls
Bliss for special thanks. Jeff calms him down and tells Orville
he'll buy him back, eventually; and two men throw a hood over
Orville and carry him off. Jeff decided to go into space while
the android takes his place on Earth so Ulysses and Frankie (who
by now are deeply in love) can be together. Jeff ends up hiring
Mary Lou as his secretary. Jeff is surprised to find her still
working for his family. Jeff is surprised, but the princess says
her wise man read the stars and told her to marry Orville. Jeff
later reveals an ulterior motive for this assignment: to track
down a long-lost love interest who lives in town. Jeff realizes
he loves her; he chases and catches her, and they are reconciled.
Jeff realizes why Orville was so eager to get out of the
marriage, but decides not to tell him. Jeff reminds him that Aunt
Lucy died before he could agree. Jeff runs into Flandrin on deck,
only to learn that the insulted dealer is no longer interested in
selling his artwork. Jeff says he tried to buy Orville back, but
learned he was re-sold to someone else. Jeff selects his team,
made up of Darius and a man named Arnau (Karan Soni), the latter
of whom is a studious biology major interning at the magazine to
diversify his resume. Jeff soundly chides Gidget for letting the
"game" get out of control, but he backs off when she tells him
that she won't tolerate such a scolding from anyone. Jeff storms
in and is grabbed by guards. Jeff tells Arnau to not waste his
youth and convinces him to spend the night with one of the women.
Jeff then comes in to warn them that the government agents are
also on the property. Jeff then realizes how much he cares about
Gidget, so he puts Abby in her place by telling her that he likes
her and to call him what everyone at home calls him:
"Moondoggie". Jeff tries to smooth the situation over, but Connie
remains furious. Jeff tries to tell the princess that HE was the
one sold and should be marrying her, but he is interrupted by a
sword-wielding Orville. Jeff walks through the street singing,
(accompanied by Aunt Lucy's ghost) until a note, with Orville's
locket is tossed at him from the palace window. Jeff wanders the
palace singing, an act that attracts the princess and they go on
a moonlit walk. Jeff's attempt to approach Kenneth alienates him,
so Jeff orders Darius to make contact. Jeff, also an award-
winning filmmaker, once had his own dreams of making "real"
films, but now is a hard-worn cynic who masks his disappointment
behind a façade of irony. Jeff, having just arrived from the
mainland, sees this and walks off in disgust. Jeff, thinking
Orville is in trouble, scales the palace wall. Jefferson's
fiancée, Mary Lee, arrives unexpectedly. Jefferson, in contrast
to Elizabeth, is trained through the children of his sister to
cope with babies, so they—it's more him—give the baby a bath;
after dinner they spend time together in the barn. Jeffrey and
his co-workers at The Flamingo also venture to Yonkers Raceway
together, risking cash on a horse tip but come up short when the
trotter breaks stride. Jeffrey and his team eventually win back
what was unfairly lost, including a good profit besides. Jeffrey
becomes shocked at his mentor's actions and reconsiders college.
Jeffrey gets further immersed in the "easy buck," defying his
father's guidance. Jeffrey in distress of the chase, said he gave
up on Amy and believes he's done nothing wrong. Jeffrey is a kid
from a middle class Brooklyn family and his father (Elizondo)
does not approve of him working at the private club. Jeffrey is
resistant at first, but after Celeste gives him advice on how to
approach her and break the ice, the conversation leads to Celeste
and Jeffrey embracing. Jeffrey is the grandson of Dracula's old
nemesis Fritz (sic) van Helsing but changed his name to Rosenberg
"for professional reasons". Jeffrey, a winning Gin Rummy player
himself, and his friends, admire Brody and how his wins at the
Gin rummy table make him seem "psychic," knowing which cards to
give up. Jeffrey, the main cause of all the trouble, learns
absolutely nothing. Jemima (Genevieve Nnaji) isn't having the
best of times. Jen, leafing through Trucker's yearbook, excitedly
calls everyone's attention to a photo of Zo. Jenn and Matt are
later thrilled when they learn Jenn is finally pregnant. Jenn
arrives at the comic book store to ask for Matt's forgiveness,
and offers to raise the child with him one last time. Jenn has
begun a relationship with one of Matt's straight co-workers and
stops by Matt and Scott's place to give them the night off of
baby-duty. Jenn is devastated by the possibility that the child
may not be Matt's after all. Jenn is taken aback and exclaims
that she will be able to raise the child and give it a great
life, even if Matt never forgives her and she is forced to raise
it alone. Jenn returns to work and offers to buy into the yoga
studio with some of her trust fund money, securing her future
with the studio and furthering her career. Jenn's grandmother set
her up with a trust fund if she ever had a child, so Jenn is
confident that she and Matt will have the finances to have one.
Jenn, a yoga instructor, and Matt, a comic book store worker, are
best friends from college who are now single and in their 30s.
Jenna discovers that she works for Poise, her favourite fashion
magazine. Jenna informs them that once their Diri phones run out
of battery, they will be permanently stuck in YouTube, just like
her; they find out there are two Jennas. Jenna rushes out to the
leafy suburb on his wedding day, hoping to convince Matt that she
wasn't the person she'd seemed to be, that he'd marry her if he
could see who she really was, but Matt, already in his tux, says
the past can't come back and hands Jenna her pink homemade
dollhouse, which he'd kept all these years. Jenna's best friend,
the geeky boy Matty Flamhaff, (with the horrible nickname of
Beaver because he looks like the star of "Leave It To Beaver")
arrives early to the party to give her a bright pink, dream
dollhouse that he built for her. Jenna's dream has come true: It
is now 2004, and Jenna, at first utterly baffled, particularly by
the handsome hunk in her shower, realises she's magically turned
thirty overnight, with no idea of what happened in the
intervening seventeen years. Jenna, freaking out like the
frightened teen she still is, wants only to find Matty. Jennifer
Verti (Melissa Joan Hart), has spent all of her savings buying
her first house and all of her belongings have recently been
stolen while trying to move into her new house. Jennifer and Joe
are facing drug charges in court, because cocaine and marijuana
was found in Joe's car and house, while Monty is to be charged
with assault. Jennifer and Nikki share a room, where she says to
Nikki, "Your father is so sweet. Jennifer later discovers that
Templeton is a top executive at her new place of employment, a
NASA aerospace research laboratory in Long Beach, where she works
in public relations. Jennifer persuades her father to create a
human body for her so she can torment the latest Wooley. Jennifer
tearfully confesses to her dad that she had an affair with an
"older man". Jennifer then works overtime with her witchcraft to
rescue her new husband's political career. Jennifer tries hard to
seduce Wallace without magic, but though he is strongly attracted
to her, he refuses to put off his marriage. Jennifer tries to
commit suicide with an overdose of birth control pills.
Jennifer's father conjures himself a body. Jennifer’s lawyer says
that Monty is irresponsible due to an earlier conviction of
statutory rape. Jenny (KC Concepcion) is an unpretentious mall
promodizer searching for true love. Jenny (as G-Girl) discovers
them in bed the next day. Jenny Swanson (Blondell) is a waitress
in a small college town whose dream is to go to Paris by any
means necessary. Jenny Taylor (Amanda Bynes) is a fan of Jason
Masters (Chris Carmack), a world-famous rock star, but her
efforts to meet him are always thwarted by her nemesis, Alexis
(Jamie-Lynn Sigler). Jenny Tuffel (now Genevieve Linden) (Risë
Stevens), an old girlfriend of O'Malley's whom he left to join
the priesthood, now has a successful acting and singing career.
Jenny agrees and she embraces her former nemesis. Jenny
eavesdrops and learns that Sylvia is in love with Dennis, but
fears being disinherited by her very wealthy grandfather Olaf if
they married (Dennis is the son of the family butler). Jenny
eventually dies of her illness, and Forrest becomes a devoted
father to Forrest Jr. Jenny explains, to Patrick's wonderment,
that she intends to remain a virgin until she is married. Jenny
feels bad and tells Jason the truth about not being stranded.
Jenny gets help from Ryan, who drives out to her location to
provide her with suppliesWhen Alexis discovers Jenny's plan by
following Ryan secretly, she also pretends to be marooned with
them. Jenny has rented a room in the home of middle-aged couple,
Dick and Martha Thompson. Jenny has the support of her older
brother, Michael, but has to deal with the prejudice of parents
and the conflicts with her younger sister, Anne, who always felt
rejected and less loved by the family. Jenny hears this and
though Sandra tries to comfort her, Jenny leaves the room hurt
and in tears. Jenny is adamant and is forced to pull his hair to
make him stop. Jenny keeps him from seeing Olaf, who knows
nothing about Tom's debt, and promises to pay him tomorrow. Jenny
moves in with Sally, undergoes a makeover, and becomes a model.
Jenny nurses Garp, observing his infantile state and almost
perpetual autonomic sexual arousal. Jenny prescribes traditional
Swedish remedies, which soon make Olaf much pleasanter. Jenny
proposes to Forrest, and he accepts. Jenny raises young Garp
alone, taking a position at the all-boys Steering School in New
England. Jenny reveals Forrest to be the father of her child,
also named Forrest (Haley Joel Osment), and that she is suffering
from an unknown virus (considering the timeline, it is assumed to
be AIDS). Jenny sneaks aboard a party vessel Jason is on, and
when Jason is washed overboard, Jenny jumps in to save him. Jenny
starts to become more controlling after she reveals her powers
and Matt starts to lose his mind. Jenny starts to buy a ticket
home, but then decides to go to New York instead. Jenny takes
such a liking to Adam's new physique that she makes a move on
Adam and the two share a passionate kiss. Jenny visits O’Malley
at the church, sees the boys’ choir, and reads the sheet music of
“Going My Way. Jenny will get married to Kitty , but her family
does not know her sexuality. Jenny, who was listening to Helen
talking to the children, still refuses to give the kids back to
her. Jeremiah Hammerslag (Jim Backus), also hunting Kobayashi,
Merle is threatened by his new superior, Col. Jeremiah, who has
the faith of a child, still remembers Dudley, and wishes him a
merry Christmas. Jeremy (Jerry Ferrara) and Kristen (Gabrielle
Union) have married and are now trying for a baby. Jeremy
abandons Darren, who dumps him. Jeremy decides that he's finally
committed to being a father, and Kristen reveals she might be
pregnant (though she claims to be a week late), bringing the two
closer. Jeremy ends up having sex with Gloria on a nearby beach
during the reception. Jeremy proposes to Gloria and tries to ask
John to be his best man, but a depressed John refuses. Jeremy
realizes that he himself has been played and that he may be in
love with Gloria. Jeremy sees the way he talks to his child, and
is influenced to become a father. Jerry (Veronica Cartwright),
Guy's repressed lesbian ball-bustingly ambitious agent, connives
to cover up the impending outing and ensure Guy the role in Ben-
Hur by marrying her client off with great fanfare to the studio
head's secretary, Sally (Carrie Preston), who just happens to
also be a slavishly devoted Guy Stone fan. Jerry Warriner (Cary
Grant) returns home from a trip, which he falsely says was to
Florida, to find that his wife, Lucy (Irene Dunne), is not at
home. Jerry and Marion see the spruced up tramp looking the
perfect gentleman and Jerry likes it when he later brushes off
Jerry's arrogant wannabee boyfriend, Herbert Wheeler (Phillip
Reed). Jerry and Samantha rekindle their romance and get married
in Mexico, while Margolese finally gets his prize, as well as the
gunsmith. Jerry arrives in Mexico and makes his way to pick up
Beck, the Margolese employee now in possession of the gun. Jerry
asks Lionel to find her. Jerry briefly has an uncooperative
donkey as transportation to follow the thief, then buys an old,
damaged truck. Jerry decides to pick up Samantha and Leroy at the
airport, where Leroy recognizes him, but Jerry doesn't recognize
Leroy. Jerry finds out that Ted, his friend and colleague, wanted
to kill him and take the pistol to Margolese, but hesitated and
ends up getting handcuffed to a pawnshop owner, after he received
the gun from a policeman when Jerry was being interrogated for
the bloodstain on the front passenger seat of his car. Jerry gets
assaulted and taken to Margolese who was released from prison a
few days earlier. Jerry helps Beck to his car, only for the man
to be killed by celebratory gunfire from a nearby festival. Jerry
is consumed with jealousy, as she sees Minerva flirting with
Rawlins at golf later that morning. Jerry proposes to Dale, who,
while still believing that Jerry is Horace, is disgusted that her
friend's husband could behave in such a manner and agrees instead
to marry Alberto. Jerry realizes that Nayman's plan was to make
it look like Jerry double crossed Margolese. Jerry then finds out
he accidentally grabbed Ted's Passport and tries to retrieve his
own, but Ted has already fled. Jerry then runs out and unties
Spike, and the dog lets out a loud bull roar, which starts a new
chase. Jerry wants to reconcile, much to Lucy's delight, but then
Dan and his mother make an appearance. Jerry's decision to marry
Ted crushes Paul. Jerry, for his part, comes up with a list of
reasons why he and Osgood cannot get married, ranging from a
smoking habit to infertility. Jesminder "Jess" Bhamra (Parminder
Nagra) is the 18-year-old daughter of Punjabi Sikhs living in
Hounslow, London. Jess and Jules are offered scholarships at
Santa Clara University in California, which Jules tells her
parents immediately, whereas Jess has trouble telling hers. Jess
and Jules send their parents a team photograph, and it is
revealed that Pinky is pregnant. Jess and Jules tie the score,
and when Jess is awarded a free kick, she must bend the ball
around the wall of players to score. Jess develops an attraction
toward Joe, and when the team plays in Hamburg, Germany and goes
out clubbing, they're caught about to kiss by Jules, who also has
a crush on Joe, souring Jess and Jules's friendship, as Jules is
adamant she'd told Jess about her crush. Jess flees to the
football field to tell Joe of her parents' decision. Jess goes
into labour early while Jago is still on the oil rig. Jess is
extremely happy and excited about the tryouts, even though Joe is
skeptical about a new player joining the team. Jess is infatuated
with football, but because she's a woman, her family won't let
her play. Jess muses on how her friend was irreplaceable, but
then recognizes a trait of hers in Scarlett, Milly’s daughter.
Jess reassures her that she will always want her in her life.
Jess reveals the lie and her mother blames Jess's father for
allowing her to play. Jess still hasn't told her parents about
the scholarship. Jess's father convinces her mother to accept
Jess's wishes after telling her he doesn't want Jess suffering as
he did. Jesse (being a marine) pummels Fernando before his
friends drag him off. Jesse and Mauricio return home and join
their father, each drinking to their own little problems. Jesse
concedes and wishes her a happy life. Jesse convinces Jade to go
with him, but as they pack up, Jade's strict and overprotective
uncle police chief Warren plants a bag of marijuana in Jesse's
van to frame him. Jesse is also revealed to have joined the
Bellas' all-male rival group, the Treblemakers, but his roommate
Benji was rejected after being called "weird" by Bumper. Jesse is
an unemployed artist in no hurry to find a job. Jesse knocks
Chucky into his grave, and Jade grabs Chucky's gun and shoots him
to death. Jesse later bails Beca out, but makes matters worse by
getting her father involved in the situation, who is furious and
tells Beca that he will no longer pay for her to move to Los
Angeles because of the incident. Jesse overhears this and warns
Mac and Zack. Jesse passively agrees, still in love with her and
hoping for her to come back around. Jesse then appears with
Tiffany and they trade hostages, but Chucky throws a knife into
Jesse's back, and ties up the couple for the ritual. Jesse visits
Marissa to drop off some Christmas presents and to apologize for
his behavior the previous night. Jesse's Brother Mauricio (John
Leguizamo) also arrives, along with his wife Sarah (Debra
Messing). Jesse's sister Roxanna (Vanessa Ferlito) arrives by
taxi, although everyone assumes she came in a limo because they
all assume that she made it big in Hollywood as an actress.
Jesse, however, is still mad at her for not telling him that she
had a boyfriend before they had kissed. Jessica Capshaw has a
small role in this film. Jessica and Helen move in together, but
their relationship, while good in most respects, begins to suffer
from a lack of frequent sexual intimacy. Jessica rejects him,
explaining that she already has Helen. Jessica's behavior towards
Helen is more akin to that of a best friend rather than a sexual
partner. Jessica's secrecy means that she has to endure scenes
that would not happen had she been open about the two of them.
Jessie Mills (Alyson Hannigan), Steven's 13-year-old daughter,
notices Celeste's strange habits, like eating car batteries and
pulling hard boiled eggs out of boiling hot water with her bare
hands, and becomes suspicious of her. Jessie's delighted but
Frances offers a pretense of modesty. Jessup, having recovered
from his breakdown, is horrified by his part in Madison's death.
Jewel, a forklift operator in the previous reality, is now
Larry's mistress and his secretary. Jhankaar Beats is a story
about love, friendship and music. Jhnelle asks to take the car
home but Derrick suggests taking the bus instead. Jhnelle begins
to cry and begs Al to say something, but Derrick replies, "My
name is Derrick" and she runs off. Jhnelle's ex-boyfriend Trent
is there and causes problems whileJ. Jiajia eventually begins a
romance with Frank. Jiajia recognizes Frank because he once
treated her father. Jill decides to go away for a week with some
friends from college. Jill does not realize that Don is blind
until she sees him dropping his cigarette ash on the table. Jill
has never met a blind man before, so she asks all sorts of
questions about how Don manages everyday chores. Jill has strong
feelings for Don and tells mrs Baker that if there is someone who
should get out of Don's life, it is she. Jill is looking for an
apartment and asks Jack for directions. Jill later decides to
take Jay back (she is pregnant, and her misgivings about Jay as a
father figure were what had spurred the breakup). Jill presses
Luke about marriage, which he promises he will be able to talk
about some time soon. Jill's free-spirited nature causes some
friction, however. Jim (Jason Biggs), Stifler and Finch (Eddie
Kaye Thomas) end up performing "like for like" sexual acts on
each other in return for being able to watch the girls doing the
same thing. Jim Barnes (Jack Mulhall), the new warden, reassures
Danny's older brother Bill (Douglas Fowley), who has bad memories
of the school from when he served as a guard there, that his
testimony describing the place's cruelty eventually resulted in
the dismissal of the former warden and the adoption of gentler
rules. Jim Buchanan (Marshall), wealthy president of Buchanan
Motor Company, is engaged to Evelyn Fletcher (Inescort), a
henpecking aristocrat who is interested in Jim for his money. Jim
Bullock (Don DeFore), who has been evicted from an apartment
building O'Connor is tearing down for a new skyscraper, and
runaway 18-year-old Trudy "Smith" (Gale Storm) who is actually
O'Connor's daughter. Jim Dear and Darling return home as the dog
catcher departs, and when they release Lady, she leads them to
the dead rat. Jim Dear arrives in a taxi with Lady, and she
reunites with Tramp, but their joy is short-lived when they find
Trusty pinned underneath the wagon's wheel, motionless, with Jock
howling mournfully. Jim Murdock's marriage is in trouble after he
neglects his wife, particularly her attraction to golf. Jim
accepts, and despite Thorndyke's underhanded tactics, he and
Herbie take victory. Jim agrees to this, as long as Wu allows him
to race the car in the El Dorado. Jim and Connie have received no
offers by the time Charley and Eadie return, and Charley lends
Jim the $800 needed for the repairs. Jim and Jeanne elope, Linda
fires Carey, Carey feigns interest in Boo to make Bud jealous,
and the scheme succeeds, with Bud proposing to Boo. Jim and
Michelle break the mock relationship off once he is ready to have
sex with Nadia, but by then Michelle has really fallen in love
with Jim, and soon Jim realizes that he has found his soul-mate
in Michelle. Jim and the Prospector find the cabin and stay for
the night. Jim bails him and takes him to the airport. Jim
decides to take matters into his own hands, taking his wife home
to rural Kentucky. Jim ends up sleeping in Bobbie's empty
apartment, as he knows that she is away on a modeling assignment,
but the next morning, Bobbie returns home, and Connie mistakenly
assumes that she and Jim have spent the night together. Jim goes
and plays the trombone once more whilst Michelle is playing the
flute at a major recital in order to show her that she is the one
he wants to be with. Jim is infuriated when he is thrown in a
cell with Charley, but the older man explains that he needed time
to tell Jim his life story so that he can write a book about him.
Jim is released the next day and writes Charley's book, which
becomes a best-seller. Jim lives in an old fire house overlooking
San Francisco Bay with his friend and mechanic, Tennessee
Steinmetz, a jolly Brooklynite who constantly extols the virtues
of spiritual enlightenment, having spent time amongst Buddhist
monks in Tibet, and builds "art" from car parts. Jim proposes and
Michelle accepts. Jim recovers consciousness and wanders into the
snow, but he has lost his memory from the blow. Jim reveals that
he and his partners have lost the camp to Michael O'Connor, and
when Mike later defends his business dealings to Mary, she tells
him he has not changed after all. Jim soon finds the car is prone
to going completely out of his control and believes Thorndyke has
conned him. Jim states he needs a "real car" for the upcoming El
Dorado road race, but finds no sympathy from Tennessee, Carole,
or Herbie, who jealously proceeds to damage the sleek sports car,
proving to Jim once and for all he has a mind of his own. Jim
still wants to sell, however, as he is convinced that the
building will drive them deeper into debt. Jim suffers from a
brain tumor, and his headaches have gotten worse. Jim urges her
to break up with Lloyd, feeling he is not an appropriate match
for her, and suggests she give him a pen as a parting gift. Jim
wants to exclude Stifler from the wedding, having concerns that
Stifler's behavior isn't socially acceptable. Jim witnesses the
dealership's British owner, Peter Thorndyke, being unnecessarily
abusive towards a white Volkswagen Beetle that rolls into the
showroom, and defends the car's honor, much to Thorndyke's
displeasure. Jim's credit cards are declined when he tries to buy
her a luggage set. Jim's dad arrives as Jim is receiving
fellatio, and a mishap grasps the restaurant's attention. Jim's
dad, Noah Levenstein, the camp's MACRO (Morale And Conflict
Resolution Officer) recommends he start trying to fit in and earn
the band's trust. Jim's feelings about his new acquisition soon
improve when it appears Herbie is intent on bringing him and
Carole together. Jim, played by Robert Joy). Jimbo, who runs a
struggling business, is envious of Paulie, partly because his own
childless marriage is unraveling. Jimeoin, in the title role,
plays a man obsessed with becoming famous. Jiminy Cricket first
appears inside a large plant in a large house, exploring and
singing "I'm a Happy-go-Lucky Fellow", until he happens to
stumble upon a doll, a teddy bear, and a record player with some
records, one of which is Bongo, a musical romance story narrated
by actress Dinah Shore. Jiminy decides to set up the record
player to play the story of Bongo. Jimmy Shannon (Buster Keaton)
is the junior partner in the brokerage firm of Meekin and
Shannon, which is on the brink of financial ruin. Jimmy Tong
(Leslie Cheung) is an expert blackmailer and thief who
specialises in white-collar crimes. Jimmy also has a friend named
Edgar, an Iraq War veteran suffering from PTSD, living in his
house. Jimmy and Gretchen meet at the wedding of Vernon and Becca
Barbara. Jimmy and his men "prove" to the government clerk that
they are looking for work by placing an ad in the newspaper - "At
liberty: combat crew. Jimmy attempts to possess Gary, only to be
hurt by his silver star-shaped badge and is temporarily exiled.
Jimmy becomes upset with Faye in the dressing room afterward, and
says that he has no intention of marrying her. Jimmy climbs into
Miss Dorothy's room and lets Millie in, and they find all of Miss
Dorothy's possessions still there. Jimmy continues to vent
frustration at White over the band's direction. Jimmy disguises
himself as a woman named Mary James seeking accommodations at the
Priscilla Hotel, and "casually" mentions to mrs Meers that she is
an orphan. Jimmy drives Doug home, and reiterates that they are
in a business relationship, and Doug, although hurt, agrees.
Jimmy ends up in a tree in the middle of the lion enclosure at
the zoo, while Trixie breaks through the roof of a turkish bath
full of toweled men who scramble to cover themselves. Jimmy even
takes Mike's place in a boxing match, since the injuries could
kill Mike, though Jimmy has never been inside a ring in his life
before. Jimmy falls in love with Peggy, and in order to further
her mother's love affair with Lord Anthony, Peggy announces her
engagement with Jimmy. Jimmy feels guilty for Mike's injuries
when their airplane crashed during the war. Jimmy gets a date
with Gretchen's sister Allison. Jimmy is reminded by Doris that
he needs a real friend for himself, and he is motivated to
succeed on completing Doug's wedding. Jimmy is seemingly
uninterested in her well-being, being preoccupied with trying to
convince White to let the band record more of his original songs.
Jimmy is unaware that Leslie is secretly in love with him. Jimmy
later takes her and Miss Dorothy on an outing to Long Island,
where they meet eccentric widow Muzzy Van Hossmere (Carol
Channing). Jimmy possesses Gillian again and attempts to kill
Sally before Frances and Jet return. Jimmy provides best man
services, through The Best Man Inc, for guys who don't have the
friends necessary for a wedding. Jimmy races to the bus and gets
Jean to stay by lying to her about Henry. Jimmy recruits three of
his friends as groomsmen. Jimmy reluctantly agrees. Jimmy reveals
he once made an excellent best man speech for a minor friend
which led to his career as a wedding ringer. Jimmy takes Doug and
the groomsmen on fake photo shoots of skydiving, scuba-diving,
running a marathon, and climbing mountains. Jimmy tells the girls
that his father was Muzzy's former gardener. Jimmy tries to
prevent her from breaking up a marriage, but Mimi is determined
to convince Alan to divorce Elizabeth so they can marry. Jimmy's
schemes to help the two to warm up, as he provides flowers, a
violinist, and other mood enhancers, such as scenting the parlor
with perfume, and leaving a collection of Shelley's poems out.
Jimmy, eager to win the bet as well as prove his theory, is not
content with simply allowing nature to take its course. Jimmy,
his secretary Doris, Fitzgibbons, Lurch, and Reggie, interview
people willing to fill the four remaining spots based on their
"party trick distractions". Jimmy, the former head of an
employment agency, will not rest until all his crewmen have
resolved things. Jimmy, whom Becca turned down when he proposed
two years earlier, is convinced Becca only invited him to rub her
marriage to Vernon in his face. Jjacks and Sam return home. Jjaks
and Freddie decide to run off together, eventually staying in a
motel. Jjaks and Freddie have since had a falling out, however
Jjaks remembers Freddie's dream: that she wants to live in Las
Vegas and be a dancer. Jjaks meets with the motel manager but
sees Freddie's necklace on the floor of the manager's apartment.
Jjaks now realizes that Sam was setting him up. Jo and Maggie try
to get in touch with Dick, who has made plans to leave Paris. Jo
believes him and decides goes through with the wedding. Jo does
the runway show and before her wedding gown finale, she looks out
the window and sees the plane Dick was supposed to be on, take
off. Jo goes to talk to Flostre at his home. Jo reacts by
recommending that he read her book on stress relief titled Let's
Live a Little. Jo then accepts John's proposal. Jo thinks the
fashion and modeling industry is nonsense, saying: "it is chichi,
and an unrealistic approach to self-impressions as well as
economics". Jo tracks him down and assumes (as Spiggins had
plotted) that it is Tony who is trying to derail the ceremony. Jo
urges them to leave. Jo warms to him too, until they go to a
diving exhibition. Jo's father "Spiggy" Spiggins, a store manager
and classmate of's, does not think John is a good match for his
daughter, preferring Tony as a son-in-law. Joan Barclay as Betsy
Cummings takes a job as a secretary, using the alias “Mary
Layton”, only to find that her Father (Forrest Taylor as Jerry
Cummings) is being cheated by his brokers, Monte Blue as Crone
and Jack Mulhall as Jan Jaffin. Joan Bradford is a society
heiress who rebels against her mother's choice of a future
husband by masquerading as a working class girl and dating a
window washer. Joan Carlyle (Joan Cusack), Casey's mother,
attempts to prevent Casey from skating due to her declining
academic performance. Joan Heseltine, once a proud woman teaching
English to a big class of men, becomes, as a result of her love
for the butler's son - who during war becomes a Major in the
British Army - a timid and submissive woman working in the army
as a typist for him. Joan Howell intends to be an actress, but
for now she's working as a maid. Joan accepts and leaves with
Omar over Jack's protests. Joan doesn't feel safe there, either,
because she's harassed by Andy's ex-lovers. Joan escapes into an
abandoned mine. Joan insists that they stay in her family's
apartment for a few weeks. Joan intercepts him and they spend an
idyllic day together. Joan is having trouble finding a job and
has just been evicted from her apartment. Joan is soft and
vulnerable as she is badgered by her conductor husband, harassed
by unknown callers, menaced by men from her sister's past, and
"helped" by Harry. Joan refuses and locks herself in her room,
but Jim embraces the plan. Joan soon discovers that Omar is a
brutal dictator rather than the enlightened ruler he claimed will
unite the Arab world. Joan tells Jack that the jewel is Al-
Julhara and not a gem stone. Joan's father has just lost his job,
and the entire family admit they have been wrong and try to talk
Will out of it. Joan, suffering writer's block, wants to return
to New York, while Jack prefers aimlessly sailing the world on
his boat, the Angelina. Joanna Drayton's (Katharine Houghton)
unannounced early return from a Hawaiian vacation causes a stir
when she brings her new fiancé to her childhood upper-class home
in San Francisco. Joanna and Will reconcile in the family's old
tree house, but it collapses and injures both of them. Joanna
introduces Marni's grandmother Bunny to an elderly woman, Helen
Sullivan (Cloris Leachman). Joanna is oblivious to the reactions
of her parents. Joanna reveals that they have dated, and Tim
appears devastated when he hears that she's marrying Will. Joanna
then starts a fight with Marni, who fights back. Joanna tries to
reason with Will but he doesn't care about her past and is
furious that she lied to him. Joanna's defense for pretending not
to remember Marni is: "I thought we could start over". Joanna's
parents&mdash;newspaper publisher Matt Drayton (Spencer Tracy)
and his wife art gallery owner Christina Drayton (Katharine
Hepburn)&mdash;are purported liberals who have instilled in her
the idea of racial equality. Joanne rushes to the club and
convinces Neil to rejoin the rink. Jock and Trusty visit her and
determine that their change in behavior is due to Darling
expecting a baby. Jock and Trusty visit to comfort Lady, but when
Tramp arrives to apologize, Lady angrily confronts him about his
past girlfriends. Jock comes to see the family along with Trusty,
who's still alive and merely suffered from a broken leg, which is
still healing. Jodie, on the other hand, falls for PFC Midge
Riley (Cynthia Pepper), a beautiful but fiery WAC. Jody and Jeff
get close to each other, but she gets hurt when she sees him
making out with one of his actresses, Sindi, who was actually
taking advantage of Jeff in his drunken state. Jody wants to set
things right with him; she accepts help from Bliss, the lead
actress in both Jody's and Jeff's movies, but with different
identities, and pretends to be her to gain entry at an award
function. Joe (Hal Holbrook) is a cynical American journalist
assigned to work in the Soviet Union, where he meets Oktyabrina
(Goldie Hawn), a spirited and erratic Russian ballet dancer who
lives illegally without proper documents. Joe (Tony Curtis) is an
irresponsible jazz saxophone player, gambler and ladies' man; his
friend Jerry (Jack Lemmon) is a sensible jazz double-bass player;
both are working in a speakeasy (disguised as a funeral home)
owned by mob gangster "Spats" Colombo (George Raft). Joe
(Veronica Kedar) is a drug dealer who was born in New York City
but lives in Israel. Joe (Woody Allen), the narrator, relates how
two burglars got involved in a radio game after picking up the
phone. Joe Banks is a downtrodden everyman from Staten Island,
working a clerical job in a dreary factory for an unpleasant,
demanding boss, Frank Waturi. Joe MacGonaughgill (Eric Schaeffer)
and Lucy Ackerman (Sarah Jessica Parker) are roommates and best
friends living in a small Manhattan apartment. Joe Tyler (Matthew
Perry), a process server, is a week late serving a Mafia kingpin
known as Fat Charlie (Joe Viterelli) with a summons to appear as
a witness in court. Joe accepts that Jess isn't allowed to play,
and the final begins without her. Joe agrees to become the new
owner. Joe agrees, but the entire deal is a setup to get Tony
into the hotel room to serve Sara, which he does. Joe and Belle
get on a bus and phone Abigail to let her know they are going to
Eilat. Joe and Belle panic when they see flashing police lights
outside, slip out of the club and hide in a local hotel room. Joe
and Belle rent an apartment and go to a local open mic night were
Joe sings a song for Belle. Joe and Connie are attracted to each
other, though she is engaged to bureaucrat Charles Pendergast
(Richard Gaines). Joe and Connie are taken to headquarters. Joe
and Jerry become enamored of Sugar and compete for her affection
while maintaining their disguises. Joe and Jerry, fearing for
their lives, realize they must quit the band and leave the hotel.
Joe and Kathleen have a conversation that reveals Kathleen's
fears about the Fox Books store opening around the corner. Joe
and Mary go ahead to New York, but Chris is delayed because the
trains are full. Joe and Sara are forced to take the same bus;
while they are riding together, Joe informs her that, under Texas
law, she stands to gain nothing from the divorce. Joe arrives at
work, overseeing the opening of a new Fox Books in New York City
with the help of his best friend, branch manager Kevin. Joe
arrives in Keetoosen before the couple leaves, and explains that
he has lied to his boss about being martied to Mary, to get a
longer vacation in the past. Joe arrives to find Matan on the
ground and she takes the gun from Belle, but when Matan suddenly
wakes up she shoots him in shock, killing him. Joe arrives to
help open the store and quickly receives phone calls from both
the bank and the store owner, Mitchell Beck (Ben Bodé), regarding
the previous night's missing deposit. Joe asks Connie to go out
with him. Joe belongs to the Fox family which runs Fox Books — a
chain of mega bookstores. Joe breaks Sugar's heart by telling her
that he, Junior, has to marry a woman of his father's choosing
and move to Venezuela. Joe collected stories of radio stars,
including that of Sally White (Mia Farrow), whose dreams of
becoming famous were hampered by her bad voice and accent. Joe
convinces Daphne to keep Osgood occupied onshore so that Junior
can take Sugar to Osgood's yacht, passing it off as his. Joe
convinces Jerry that he cannot actually marry Osgood. Joe decides
not to write the story, despite the considerable amount of money
riding on it. Joe decides to quit being a drug dealer and gives
all the drugs she has to Yoni for free. Joe delivers the drugs to
Abigail (Romi Aboulafia) who tells her to meet at the club 'Dark
Eighties' later that night in order to sell the drugs. Joe doles
out the small supply of fresh water to her, while he gradually
becomes delirious from thirst. Joe explains that he had intended
to use the money to invest and become part-owner of the store,
which would allow him the opportunity of saving it from becoming
a Music Town franchise. Joe falls in love with her and won't
fight, at least not until Sadie's beau, Noah, shows up. Joe
finally decides, for safety's sake, to let her spend the night in
his apartment. Joe follows and "accidentally" meets her on the
Spanish Steps. Joe has just enough time to tell Miss Logan, with
whom he's fallen in love, that if a stranger (especially if he is
a boxer) approaches her, to give him a chance. Joe hurries home
and, hiding the fact that he is a reporter, offers to show "Anya"
around Rome. Joe insists that it be someone in good physical
shape, because he wants to continue his boxing career. Joe is
distracted from immediately dealing with this crisis due to a
scheduled store event: Rex Manning (Maxwell Caulfield), a former
80's pop idol, is due to arrive at the store for an autograph
session to promote his new album. Joe is recently divorced and he
rekindles Ellen's romantic notions at the very moment when her
marriage to Tommy is being tested by the events on campus. Joe is
reluctant to take over a life so unlike his previous one, but
when he sees the murderous pair mockingly berating Miss Logan
(Evelyn Keyes), the daughter of a financier who was sold
worthless bonds by Farnsworth's bank, he changes his mind and
agrees to take over Farnsworth's body. Joe keeps saying the body
they find "has to be in the pink". Joe later found out that he
was ashamed of being a taxi driver. Joe leaves after also
realizing Eleanor's affair is with dr Morrisey, but she chases
after him, and the two share another kiss. Joe makes up details
of the alleged interview until Hennessy informs him that the
event had been canceled because the princess had suddenly "fallen
ill". Joe manages to mentally nudge Corkle into turning on the
radio to the fight and hears that Murdoch has collapsed without
even being touched. Joe on the other hand is infatuated with his
attractive neighbor Jane (Elle Macpherson). Joe pleads with mr
Bhamra to allow Jess to play, but mr Bhamra refuses, revealing
that he doesn't want Jess to suffer the same way he did when he
was kicked out of the cricket club because of him being Indian.
Joe reveals to the East Side Kids Danny's real intentions for the
$200, and the remorseful boys go to his bedside and, after
inviting him back into the club, urge him to recover. Joe sees a
newspaper picture of her and realizes who is in his apartment.
Joe serves him under New York law and Gordon takes the papers.
Joe soon realizes that Jane isn't who he thought she ought to be.
Joe soon resumes the correspondence, apologizes, and promises to
eventually tell her why he stood her up. Joe spends a day and a
night out on the town in New York City, where he solicits advice
on everything from style to living life to the fullest from his
wise chauffeur Marshall. Joe spies on the two of them from the
window. Joe subsequently offers him a job at the store. Joe takes
Connie home. Joe takes over Murdoch's body and wins the title.
Joe takes the opportunity to play the devastated husband who has
been left by his wife, and gets sympathy from Worth. Joe tells
Sugar that he is not good enough for her, that she would be
getting the "fuzzy end of the lollipop" yet again, but Sugar
wants him anyway. Joe tells his boss off, quits his job, and asks
former coworker DeDe out on a date, but when he tells her that he
is dying, she becomes upset and leaves. Joe then flies to Los
Angeles, where he is met by one of Graynamore's daughters,
Angelica, a flighty socialite who labels herself a
"flibbertigibbet". Joe was fascinated by the glitz and glamour of
Manhattan, where the radio broadcasts were made. Joe's abrasive
boss Ray (Cedric the Entertainer) ridicules him while
complimenting Joe's rival, Tony (Vincent Pastore), for serving
multiple summonses in record time. Joe's ex-boyfriend Matan
(Yotam Ishay) arrives at the apartment and mistakes the sleeping
Belle for Joe. Joe's manager, Max "Pop" Corkle (James Gleason),
has his body cremated. Joe's own favourite radio show was The
Masked Avenger. Joe's son, Brian, acts as Madea and Helen's
attorney after Charles and Brenda catch the pair breaking into
and vandalizing Charles's mansion. Joe's thugs arrive and begin
to attack Monty, but the crowd defends Monty against them. Joe,
dressed as Josephine, sees Sugar onstage singing that she will
never love again. Joe, the head of the family, owns a
construction company. Joel Goodson is a senior student in a
normal high school who lives with his wealthy parents in the
North Shore area of suburban Chicago. Joel accepts this, and they
decide to attempt a relationship anyway, starting their life
together anew. Joel beckons Clementine to start over; Clementine
initially resists, pointing out it could go the same way. Joel
finds Lana and demands the egg back, but they are interrupted by
Lana's pimp Guido, who pulls a gun. Joel finds himself revisiting
them in reverse. Joel lets Lana stay at his house while he goes
to school. Joel meets Lana at a restaurant, and they speculate
about their future. Joel pays Jackie to go away, but before she
leaves, she gives Joel the number for Lana, another prostitute.
Joey (Jon Favreau) and Lucy (Kristin Davis) are high school
sweethearts with a smart but naive teenage daughter named Lacey.
Joey finds Lucy with Salvadore and knocks him out, reuniting with
his wife. Joey offers to pay Patrick to take Kat to the prom so
he can take Bianca. Joey then punches Cameron, but is in turn
beaten up by Bianca for having hurt her, Kat, and Cameron. Johann
Porok, a third-generation butler in the service of Count Albert
Sandor, the Prime Minister of Hungary, is unexpectedly elected to
the Hungarian parliament, representing the opposition social
progressive party. John (Martin Freeman) and Judy (Joanna Page)
are professional body doubles for films. John Beckwith (Owen
Wilson) and Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) are divorce mediators in
WashingtonC. John Buckingham (Ben Chaplin), a lonely St Albans
bank clerk, orders a mail-order bride Nadia (Nicole Kidman) from
Russia on the Internet. John Candy, Dan Aykroyd, and Matthew
Broderick were in character as Chet Ripley, Roman Craig, and
Ferris Bueller during the end credits. John Cleves (Jason
Robards) is a businessman with an office in New York and a home
in New Jersey. John Jarratt stars as Jack, who is pushed past the
brink of his stalking obsession over Emily (Kaarin Fairfax) when
he breaks into her house to take what he wants by force. John
Lawrence (Ronald Reagan) is a returning GI. John Robie (Cary
Grant) is a retired infamous jewel thief or "cat burglar",
nicknamed "The Cat", who now lives in a hilltop villa in the
French Riviera growing grapes and flowers. John Sullivan (Joel
McCrea) is a popular young Hollywood director of profitable but
shallow comedies (eg. John again uses this to his advantage,
starting a fashion trend that helps the boys in the basketball
team play better. John and Claire continue to bond the next day
on a sailing trip. John and Frank purchase the shut-down resort
in Maine where their parents met during the "magical" summer, and
the property becomes another hotel of sorts, functioning as a
rape crisis center run by Susie. John and Franny are companions,
seeing themselves as the most normal of the children, aware that
their family is rather strange. John and Franny experience the
pain and desire of being in love with each other. John and Jeremy
become acquainted with the Clearys at their home: the Secretary's
wife (Jane Seymour) sexually harasses John; Gloria's brother Todd
(Keir O'Donnell) tries to seduce Jeremy during the night; Gloria
continues to lavish unwanted sexual attention on Jeremy; and Sack
repeatedly injures Jeremy during a game of touch football. John
apologizes for intruding and leaves. John arrives at Boris and
Melody's home full of regret and hopes to get the family back
together. John begins to date Cynthia, and eventually they become
engaged. John explains that he was injured in an attempt to
reconnect with his mother, who had been transformed into a wolf.
John gets dressed and subsequently gets into a scrap with Nadia,
who later reveals that she can indeed speak English and that her
name is not Nadia. John goes there and tries to win his wife's
love back, but she just tells her husband to come visit her on
any Wednesday. John has grown to care for Nadia and is forced to
steal from the bank where he has worked for ten years. John has
some news for his brother; he has just proposed marriage to Jo
Spiggins, who grew up with them both and is now a valued and
trusted store employee. John inadvertently picks up Carol, an
annoying teenybopper who seems fond of him. John invites Cynthia
to dinner but she prefers not to socialize with her employer.
John is distracted for the next week, and Doris discovers that he
has a girlfriend, Brooklyn. John is targeted by a jealous and
armed Birgel at the Lorelei, but Birgel is killed by American
soldiers who shoot him first. John is told a woman has arrived
with a limp, but he says she limps from an injury that will heal
and is not a suitable match. John is uncomfortable and shy, but
Nadia is sexually bold. John joins the wedding mid-ceremony to
Jeremy's delight, but Claire is upset by his appearance,
prompting John to profess his love to her and his regret for his
past behavior in front of the congregation. John learns that the
trio have carried out the same scam on men from Switzerland and
Germany, among others. John makes amends by giving her his watch
and asking her to be his girlfriend. John partakes in a
continuing sexual/business relationship with the older hotel
housekeeper, Ronda Ray, which ends when a letter arrives from
Freud in Vienna, inviting the family to move to help him (and his
new "smart" bear) run his hotel there. John rescues her, tying
Alexei to a chair. John serves as the narrator, and is sweet, if
naive. John takes Nadia to turn her into the police - hoping to
clear his name as a wanted bank robber. John tells Judy that "It
is nice to have someone [he] can just chat to". John tells her
that he and his girlfriend recently broke up over text, and asks
her about her love life. John then wins the affections of a woman
with constant nosebleeds by purposely smashing his nose in
secret. John visits Jeremy's former wedding crashing mentor,
Chazz Reinhold (an uncredited Will Ferrell), who convinces him to
crash a funeral. John warns Matt that chastity is not easy;
meanwhile, Ryan starts a popular office pool to bet on how long
Matt can last. John's Aunt Alice (Anne Revere), an avowed
suffragette, has the controlling interest in the company and
insists that Cynthia be given a chance. John, disguised as
Alexei, leaves for Russia with Sophia. Johnny Rizzo, a young man
who dreams of working in radio, is engaged to Claire. Johnny
Stewart (Wayans) is a lifelong con-man who meets a girl, Amber
Evans (Dash), and tries to impress her by cleaning up his act and
doing things the honest way. Johnny Van Owen is a rapper who
drifts from city to city. Johnny Walker (Hall) is the top high
school quarterback prospect who is heavily recruited by many
schools. Johnny agrees to marry Lois the next day. Johnny and his
T-Birds remove the competing Preptones preppie boys by tying them
to a shower pole in the boys' locker room and drenching them.
Johnny asks Loretta to invite his estranged younger brother Ronny
(Nicolas Cage) to the wedding. Johnny decides to do his duty and
devote himself to take care of his children; he finds himself
pretty well in the role as a father and is beginning to enjoy
himself. Johnny decides to help with the laundrette and they
resume a romantic relationship that (it is implied) had been
interrupted after school. Johnny decides to interrupt and defend
him, despite their mutual dislike, and the punks turn their
attention to him instead. Johnny finds himself being "adopted" as
their uncle. Johnny has a big bachelor party planned for the same
night, and cannot meet Amy by the boat at her arrival. Johnny has
no chance of recognizing Amy, since they never met, and he denies
being married to her; still believing that she in fact is Tillie
- his English wife. Johnny is frustrated by this and seeks his
best friend Bob's advice on the matter. Johnny is injured and
ends up in a hospital. Johnny is performing at a nightclub,
rapping and dancing with his crew and a club background
songstress playing "Cool as Ice (Everybody Get Loose)". Johnny
makes the acquaintance of lovely heiress Prudence Millett (Coleen
Gray) when she comes to inquire why the children are not in
school. Johnny now has won $60,000. Johnny pays her to teach him
how to snowboard, which brings them closer and after a day in the
snow they kiss briefly and end up sleeping together. Johnny
resists his uncle's hedonistic lifestyle but meets a free-
spirited woman named Brooke, whom he quickly befriends. Johnny
rushes off to share the good news with Emile, but Emile believes
he took his advice about bank robbery. Johnny shows up with his
crew at a local club frequented by Kathy and her friends. Johnny
starts dating Jean, unaware that Patsy is also in love with him.
Johnny starts working hard to support his new family, working on
a farm during the week and singing and waiting tables on Sunday
in a restaurant owned by Jericho Schlosser (Sig Ruman). Johnny's
father Vito finds out, and he tells Frank he will kill Gina
unless Frank kills Michael during his wedding speech. Johnny's
friends jokingly present Amy, Joyce and Johnny Jr. Johnny's job
is also back at hand. Johnny's mother, seeing how happy her son
is, gives in and agrees to accept Kim. Johnny, enraged by
Stephanie's new romance, threatens to fight the Cool Rider if he
sees him with her again. Johnny, feeling guilty, tells him that
though he cannot make it up to him, he is with him now. Johnny,
having come back after breaking up with Chloe, appears behind Kim
and apologises; a playful conversation follows and they kiss.
Johnny, upon seeing them together in a discussion, demands that
Stephanie quit the Pink Ladies to preserve his honor ("rep",
reputation). Joining them are Carol (Rudner), the American TV
star wife of Andrew; and the impolite Brian (Slattery), Sarah's
very recently acquired lover. Jojo finally agrees to marry Bill,
and at their wedding, Daisy and Charles reconcile. Jojo is trying
to have sex with her boyfriend Bill (Vincent D'Onofrio), whom she
attempted to marry at the beginning of the movie, but fainted
after deciding she couldn't go through with it. Jon Martello is a
young Italian American and modern-day Don Juan living in New
Jersey, with a short list of things he cares about: "my body, my
pad, my ride, my family, my church, my boys, my girls, my porn".
Jon begins dating Esther. Jon later meets with Barbara and
apologizes for lying to her about the pornography. Jon politely
brushes her off. Jon replies she asked many things of him and he
could not meet her expectations. Jon tells his family about the
break-up with Barbara: while they are displeased, his sister
Monica states that Barbara never cared about Jon and was just
dating him because she knew she could manipulate him to her will.
Jon tries to return to his old lifestyle, but ends up in a
downward spiral. Jonah (Ryan Kwanten) is a young man without a
care in the world. Jonah asks Ava to stay in his room. Jonah asks
what other options there are, now very worried that he will never
have children. Jonah calls her and tells her that he would give
her anything if she would carry the child. Jonah catches up to
Stevie and tells her that he loves her, but Stevie leaves. Jonah
finds Stevie, but Ava comes out of Jonah's room and Stevie storms
off, feeling betrayed. Jonah goes back to the doctor to ask for
more time and moves his operation three weeks. Jonah goes to see
a doctor, who reveals that Jonah has testicular cancer. Jonah is
crushed. Jonah is frustrated and Stevie gives in and says she is
okay with natural. Jonah is sad at first, but Stevie does show up
for moral support. Jonah leaves to go find her, hoping she is
home. Jonah leaves, realizing he is out of time. Jonah meets up
with Becky (Kathryn Beck) and they retreat up to his room away
from the party, only for Becky to find a lump in Jonah's
testicle. Jonah never tells the girls he asks that he has cancer.
Jonah persuades a reluctant Sam to go on the air to talk about
how much he misses Maggie. Jonah reads through the contract and
signs it and Stevie tells him that they have a four-day window
that Stevie should be ovulating in. Jonah receives a call from
the sperm bank and goes in for a meeting. Jonah then begins
making lists of all the women he has ever dated or known and asks
them if they would ever consider after his child. Jonah's first
"paycheck" is worth over $700. Jonah, a baseball fan, reads
Annie's letter and likes that it mentions the Baltimore Orioles,
but he fails to convince his father to go to New York to meet
Annie. Jonathan Younger owns a self-storage facility. Jonathan is
dismayed to discover that his neglected family shipping firm is
in dire trouble, and that he will not be receiving his usual
check, leaving him broke. Jonathan pushes her into a singing
career, and she soon becomes a star. Jonathan shares her esoteric
beliefs, and they receive the blessing of his deceased wife for
the new relationship via seance. Jonathan's college-aged son
Winston returns home to help run the family business. Jones
becomes a local celebrity and, at the behest of his boss (Paul
Harvey), begins ghost-writing Mannion's "autobiography", with
good-natured but street-wise Wilhelmina voluntarily acting as his
"talent agent" to see that he gets paid. Jones turns out to look
exactly like the notorious bank robber "Killer" Mannion (also
Robinson) and is apprehended by the police. Jordan Abrams
(Chernik), a conservative Jewish accountant, lives a stable but
rather boring life with his girlfriend Rachel Stern (Manninen).
Jordan eventually decides not to get back together with Rachel
after all, as he comes to realize he loves Julia. Jordan recruits
Julia to be his teacher to broaden his sexual horizons, in
exchange for managing her finances. Jordan runs after her. Joseph
cheated on and mistreated his wife; Inès seduced her cousin's
wife while living with them; and Estelle had an affair and then
killed the resulting child, prompting the child's father to
commit suicide. Joseph concludes that rather than torture devices
or physical punishment, "hell is other people". Joseph finally
begins giving in to the lascivious Estelle's escalating attempts
to seduce him, which drives Inès crazy. Joseph is constantly
interrupted by his own guilt, however, and begs Estelle to tell
him he is not a coward for attempting to flee his country during
wartime. Joseph never married Nando's mother but drowned with her
in a boating accident. Joseph suggests that they try to leave
each other alone and to be silent, but Inès starts to sing about
an execution and Estelle vainly wants to find a mirror to check
on her appearance. Joseph's actual wife, whom he left in 1950, is
alive in Philadelphia. Josephine Evans (Mary Astor) and Professor
Michael Kingsley (Herbert Marshall) are in a romantic
relationship, something not approved of by Evan's two children.
Josh Mallon (Bing Crosby) and Ace Lannigan (Bob Hope) are best
friends and work aboard the same ship. Josh Rosen is a film geek
and aspiring filmmaker with a crush on Amy, a former friend of
Dylan's. Josh and Ace flee to Hawaii and then head for Singapore.
Josh and Gisele flirt and Molly is upset. Josh and Giselle rush
to the hospital where Molly and the family are waiting. Josh asks
his friends what's wrong with Dylan. Josh boards an ocean liner
with Gloria and his father. Josh chases after her and she admits
that she loves him, returns his grandmothers ring and leaves.
Josh continues to see Giselle, and Molly dates other men. Josh
counters, saying "Or what. Josh ends the "benefits" part of his
relationship with Gisele and confesses he may love Molly. Josh
ends up buying the lingerie. Josh eventually chooses Azalea and
pairs off Selena with his friend Master Sergeant William Bailey
(Tommy Farrell). Josh explains that they cannot because he is
seeing someone else and rejects her bluntly, which distresses
Alice. Josh finally admits the truth; that he and Molly are not
engaged. Josh finds them and professes his love for Chloe. Josh
finishes his movie, after much delay, and shows it to the public.
Josh gets jealous of Peter and when Lara Jean confronts him about
his jealousy he kisses her, and tells her he wants to be with
her, causing Lara Jean to realize that she wants to date Peter
for real. Josh makes it to the restaurant party, and tells Nat
that he thinks she is the perfect wife, just not for him. Josh
meanwhile leaves the flat, telling Nat he's remembered he has to
do something and that he will meet her at the restaurant. Josh
overhears this and walks away in confusion before he is
discovered. Josh persuades Pappy Tatum (Arthur O'Connell) to sell
one side of his mountain to the government as long as government
employees don't come to Tatum's side, which means revenuers can
not interfere with Pappy's moonshining. Josh picks up Amy the
next day and takes her to the party, even though Amy is
uncomfortable with the crowd. Josh realizes that Ace and Mima
must be on the island. Josh realizes that he and Amy have a lot
less in common than he originally thought, and she leaves to
check out the music. Josh replies that he is more comfortable
with Molly than anyone else he knows. Josh retaliates that Nat's
family were not overly friendly towards him. Josh talks to Chloe
about his book while she's working at a charity office. Josh
talks to Dylan and asks her for advice on how to interact with
Amy, as he had never dated before. Josh teaches Dylan a lesson
about how the world doesn't revolve around her. Josh tells him
that the ball was taken from him by a bully (Nicholas Berman).
Josh tries to tell the police officers that Dave is harmless but
is ignored. Josh unwittingly but clumsily offends Nat's
grandmother during a game of charades, Nat's father makes him
sleep on the upper deck of a bunk bed of a young female relative,
and Nat's parents giving Josh a pair of books titled "How to be a
Successful Writer" and "How to Stop Wasting Your Life". Josh
wants to get casserole dishes for Nat but Chloe laughs that this
is not a present for a wife and she must help him; they end up at
a lingerie shop with Josh uncomfortably trying to make
conversation with the shop assistant amongst the shop's expensive
contents. Josh wants to make a documentary for the Puget Sound
Film Festival, and decides to give himself a challenge, with his
topic being popularity, and his subject being Dylan herself.
Josh's best man Danny asks Chloe out but is rebuffed. Josh's
friends from the film club are angry at him for abandoning them
for Dylan, and assume he has a crush, which Josh denies. Josh's
mother angrily reveals she knew he was having an affair and is
horrified that he would bring Giselle to the hospital. Josh's
parents ask Josh and Molly to stay longer to help with Josh's
family's framing shop, as Max's health is failing. Josh, along
with Captain Robert Jason Salbo (Jack Albertson), has to persuade
the Tatums, his distant relatives on his mother's side, to sell
their land to theS. Josh, in a moment of panic, says that it is
Molly. Josie Geller (Drew Barrymore) is an insecure copy editor
for the Chicago Sun-Times who has never had a real relationship.
Josie confides in her brother Rob (David Arquette) about her
fears. Josie develops a crush on her English teacher, Sam Coulson
(Michael Vartan), and becomes the top student in his class. Josie
loses hope, but is reassured when a kind-hearted nerd named Aldys
(Leelee Sobieski) befriends her. Josie reverts to the old geek
persona that ruined her first high school career. Josie vows to
give Gus a story and writes an account of her experience. Josie
waits, but the clock runs out with no sign of Sam. Josie,
ultimately making amends, secures him a coaching job. Joy
accepts, and it is only after they arrive in Slovetzia that Ira
realizes his error. Joy and Jack meet by chance when they are
given the same hotel room because of a computer error. Joy ends
up being highlighted in a newspaper article after she helps her
students and the caged animals escape the building successfully.
Joy eventually learns that Katrina is in love with Alek (Timothy
Dowling), one of the leaders of the youth rebellion. Joy
frequently clashes with Pochenko, who is disturbed by her fierce
independence and the fact that he cannot frighten her. Joy gets
the promotion she'd been working for, but tells her boss she
would rather be happy doing nothing than doing something she
hates and being miserable. Joy is put in charge of preparations,
and during this time she and Pochenko grow closer. Joy realizes
that Jack set her up to get back with him, therefore cheating on
him and letting Jack keep the money. Joy states that they hit the
jackpot, to which Jack replies that he certainly did (referring
to both the money and to Joy). Joy teaches them of life outside
Slovetzia and helps them gain confidence in themselves. Joy tells
the judge she doesn't want any money and gives the engagement
ring to Jack, telling him she officially doesn't want anything
from him. Joy walks away from Mason and goes to the hearing.
Joy's presence in Slovetzia is due to Pochenko's desire to change
his reputation among other Western nations as a "beast". Joyce
thanks her for giving her the life they both wanted by Shirley
giving her Jesus (You Gave Me Jesus) since Aunt Bam spills that
Shirley is sick. Joyless, listless and chronically sick, Banks
regularly visits doctors who can find nothing wrong with him.
João wakes up in an alternate 2011 in which he is rich, but is
not married to Helena. João, however, is the one who drinks it,
and he becomes drugged. Juan Antonio begs Vicky to meet him again
privately before leaving Spain, which she finally accepts, lying
to Doug in the process. Juan comes to realize that the true
meaning of life is love, family, and happiness, and that money
isn't the answer. Juan is suspicious and takes the check to his
immigration worker (Polly Draper) who encourages him to follow
the directions given him. Juan was born on a strawberry field in
Bakersfield, California, but due to hardship, his mother decided
to relocate to Mexico. Jud takes her to a New York Giants
baseball game and to dinner and dancing. Judge Abramovitz (Nora
Dunn) sends their respective counsellors to Ireland to inform
them of this, but on arrival they discover that the celebrity
couple has reunited on the anniversary of their wedding. Judge
Hardy (Lewis Stone) had hoped that his son would go to college
and study law, but Andy isn't sure that's what he wants to do so
he heads off to New York City to find a job. Judge Hardy (Lewis
Stone) has been appointed chairman of a special committee in
Washington, DC. Judge Hardy (Lewis Stone) has two problems. Judge
Hardy (Lewis Stone) later encounters his son, Andy, and Andy
broaches the subject of car ownership, but Judge Hardy tells Andy
that he cannot have his own car. Judge Hardy also learns that
Kathryn's father is poor. Judge Hardy explains his point of view
about spending money on a car versus putting it aside as
savings—and then discloses his deep concern for Andy’s mother.
Judge Hardy is so impressed with James’ help and his son’s
ingenuity that he pays the last $8 for Andy’s car. Judge Hardy is
told he has inherited $2 million. Judge Hardy would like to
convey a message to his wife, but there is no telephone at her
mother’s home and Emily finds telegrams unnerving. Judge Hardy’s
wife, Emily (Fay Holden), receives a telegram that evening
informing her that her mother had a serious stroke. Judith
(Jurnee Smollett-Bell) becomes a therapist, working at a
matchmaking agency owned by Janice (Vanessa Williams) and Brice
(Lance Gross) works as a pharmacist. Judith (in sorrow) then
walks out of the pharmacy and heads to church, to meet with her
mother as the credits start rolling. Judith becomes upset with
Brice, when he refuses to confront a group of men who catcall her
on their way home from dinner. Judith changes her hair and makeup
for her birthday and Brice fails to notice the change or remember
her birthday. Judith constantly taunts Jay in front of his wife.
Judith is dissatisfied with her job and anxious to start her own
marriage counseling business, but Brice tells her to wait until
they are more financially stable. Judith isolates Darren from his
friends, demands that Darren quit the band, receive humiliating
medical procedures, and attend relationship counseling under her
care. Judith meets Harley (Robbie Jones) at work. Judith returns
to the apartment she shared with Brice to pick up a laptop and
becomes surrounded by her mother and church members' prayer
circle. Judith rufuses to tell talk to Brice about their argument
and goes to take a shower. Judith turns out to be a friend of
Kimora's, and she's come to stay with the couple for a month.
Judith's coworker, Ava (Kim Kardashian), gives Judith a makeover.
Judith, now questioning her sex life with Brice, tries to improve
it, but fails. Judy (Swanson) and Nicholas Randall (Olivier) are
a newly married couple who agree to a marriage based on "perfect
understanding". Judy and Gabe are introduced to Jack's new
girlfriend, Sam, an aerobics trainer. Judy begins seeing Michael.
Judy chooses to go back to London to decorate their home but
insists that Nicholas spend time with their friends. Judy
forgives him due to their prior agreement of a perfect
understanding. Judy leaves Ivan to consider her options and ends
up wandering the streets at night. Jules and her mother arrive at
the wedding so that Jules can celebrate with Jess. Juli Baker
meets Bryce Loski two weeks before the beginning of second grade;
it's something about those blue eyes that attract her. Juli hangs
the picture in her room so she'll always be reminded of what the
tree represented for her. Juli ignores him by sitting in the
living room, until she looks out the window and sees Bryce's last
attempt at winning her heart: he plants a sycamore tree in her
backyard. Juli manages to get home without Bryce seeing her, but
Bryce is determined now. Juli now realizes Bryce has changed and
waves back at him from her living room window. Juli often sits
out with her dad on the porch for hours, listening to him talk
and watching him paint. Juli's spirits are lightened when her
father, who she admires more than anyone, paints her a picture of
her sycamore tree. Juli's yard has always been very messy, and
the family is concerned about poison in the eggs. Juli, furious
and hurt, decides to abandon every thought of Bryce, even though
Bryce's grandpa is very good friends with Juli and helps her tame
her yard. Juli, on the other hand, can't stop thinking about
Bryce in the many years she's known him. Julia Becker, the
sculptor, also pays a visit. Julia Jones (Alyson Hannigan) is an
obese woman who dreams of marrying Napoleon Dynamite (Josh
Meyers), but even in her dreams she is rejected. Julia Scott
(Claudette Colbert) is a very efficient secretary at a department
store. Julia Tellier, the well-respected madam of a small-town
whorehouse, takes her girls on an outing to her brother's village
to attend the first communion of her niece. Julia accepts, and
prepares to move in permanently with the Careys. Julia also
doesn't like Donna romancing Chuck and casually throws around the
name of Donna's boyfriend. Julia also gets a present from her
mother-in-law: a vaginal thermometer which apparently has been in
their family for generations and is regarded as good luck when it
is not washed. Julia and Andy fight each other, Kill Bill-style.
Julia and Grant go to a wedding planner named Jell-O (Valery
Ortiz), who has a big butt. Julia and Robbie are increasingly
confused by their deepening feelings for each other. Julia
changes her mind and tells Monty to go home. Julia decides to go
down to Philadelphia and "get the Rodgers place in order". Julia
feels betrayed because she didn’t hear this information from
Monty earlier; she leaves, telling Monty that custody will be
awarded to Jennifer. Julia feels the marriage is over, and makes
plans for a cruise to Cuba and Panama with Rodgers. Julia finds
from reading Andy's mind that she wants to get back together with
Grant and plans to split the two of them up. Julia finds him and,
out of a guilty conscience, brings him back to her place to sleep
off the alcohol. Julia finishes Monty’s case preparation and
discovering it is her 32nd birthday, takes her to his favorite
jazz club, where they dance. Julia flees to Aunt Margaret for
assurance that her parents truly loved her, and Margaret reveals
that her parents' situation is looking good enough that they are
about ready for her to come home. Julia follows Bruce to the
nightclub, where he's been doing quite well with Sam and an old
routine, and is about to enter the final heat/round of the
competition. Julia gives Jordan some cookies which are the best
Jordan has ever tasted; it turns out Julia is a talented cook as
well as a dancer. Julia goes outside and dances to impress men on
the streets, but is unsuccessful. Julia goes to lunch with Martha
Pryor (Jean Dixon), who tells her she is offered a manager
position of a department store in Paris. Julia goes to the
hospital to demand Monty to take her home, but sees Social
Services sending his children to live with Jennifer. Julia goes
to work at her father Frank's (Eddie Griffin) Greek diner. Julia
grows more jealous, and her competition for Ian upsets Carmen.
Julia happily says yes. Julia has a $500 debt she needs to repay.
Julia is comfortable in the acting world and friends with the
director, Bill (Kyle MacLachlan), while Carmen is uncertain of
where she belongs. Julia is the last woman standing and is
rewarded with dinner for two at a restaurant called "A
Restaurant". Julia meets Richard's sister, Gertrude, and his
daughter, Annabel, who is a very spoiled, out of control child.
Julia races to the race track to see how it all turns out. Julia
represents Monty, apologizing for not hearing his side of the
story. Julia returned to show business, but left her infant
daughter with her husband, so that the child could be raised in
more secure circumstances. Julia returns home to begin rehearsals
for the new play. Julia sees a report on the incident, in which
Monty is identified as having been "falsely convicted" of rape.
Julia suggests a romantic tryst, and he gently tells her that
he's gay. Julia takes Grant to meet her parents. Julia tells
Donna it would be foolish to give up her wealthy boyfriend for a
side show crooner. Julia tries to cheer him up and later asks him
to help her plan her own wedding. Julia tries to walk away in a
rainstorm, but ends up in the mud. Julia wants help and goes to
see a love therapist, Hitch, who rejects her at first but
reluctantly agrees to help her. Julia wins, leaving Nancy too
jealous to enjoy the quiet evening after the party ("On the Front
Porch"). Julia worries that her marriage is failing. Julia's
brother becomes infatuated with Rosa, one of her workers, and
promises to visit next month. Julia's wasp-tongued mother,
Margueritte (Jenifer Lewis), is also suspicious of Dudley,
because she believes the newcomer will break up her daughter's
marriage. Julia, however, is instantly charmed by the handsome
and unflappable angel. Julia, meanwhile, discovers what Drew is
up to and outright rejects his advances, then kicks him out
whilst threatening his position at work. Julian is disapproving
of Patrick's behaviour and is sympathetic to Jenny, who is at
first very upset and says she never wants to see Patrick again.
Julian is revealed to be a speechwriter who visits a call-girl,
named Alice (Ingeborga Dapkunaite), on a weekly basis where she
practices bondage acts on him. Julian opened the school he has
worked hard to establish, with his wife, former stripper Candace,
as his head of admissions. Julian tries to persuade Alice not to
give up on what she does best, but her mind is made up, and she
walks out to spend alone time in her new artist studio. Julian
understands Kim being unsure and they end up spending the night
together in a threesome with Kim's girlfriend. Julianna knows
it's love, while Bryce, like any seven-year-old boy, doesn't.
Julianna stalks Bryce all through his childhood; staring at his
house, asking him to play, following him at school, etc. Julianne
Potter (Julia Roberts), a 27-year-old New York City restaurant
critic, receives a call from her lifelong friend Michael O'Neal
(Dermot Mulroney). Julianne and Michael then take a walk, with
Julianne finally confessing her love to Michael. Julianne
declares that Kimmy has won, and that she accepts Michael's
decision. Julianne finds Michael at Chicago Union Station, where
he is looking for Kimmy, and confesses all to him. Julianne is
disappointed that Michael will marry someone so wrong for him,
and someone he has known for such a short time. Julianne pursues
Michael, but finally realizes he loves Kimmy. Julianne then
tracks down Kimmy in the bathroom of Comiskey Park (Kimmy's
family has a private viewing box at the stadium). Julianne wishes
them well, and she and Michael share their goodbyes, both of them
finally moving on with their lives. Julianne's unauthorized use
of Kimmy's father's computer to forge an email message to
Michael's employer causes further problems for Michael and Kimmy,
to the point where they are on the verge of calling off the
wedding. Julianne, however, apologizes and explains to Kimmy that
she kissed Michael unexpectedly, but he didn't kiss her back
because he was in love with Kimmy. Julia’s friends, Brenda and
Cynthia, set Julia up on a blind date with Byron - a dimwitted,
middle-aged rapper. Julie (Vanessa Williams), a successful
Manhattan reporter-turned-columnist in her mid-40s believes she
has it all - a great job, a rent controlled apartment, a
boyfriend (Michael Boatman) and best of all, an adorable six-
year-old son named Jake, whom she conceived via an anonymous
sperm donor. Julie asks if Scott and Cynthia can come along for a
double date. Julie finds that she is legally married to both
Marty and Vernon. Julie has neither intention nor desire to
reveal her identity to him, she simply needs to check her
sources, get the facts, and move on. Julie invites Tom to a
concert she had planned on going with her former fiancé, Jed.
Julie is astounded by the siege, but Perry speaks to both of them
inside their heads, and tells them that it’s because the Boneys
are afraid of the change they represent. Julie mistakenly assumes
an innocent relationship between Tom and Ruth. Julie resists
talking but finally admits she misses Dorothy. Julie shoots it,
and both fall off the roof as Grigio shrivels away into a pile of
dust and bones. Julie slips away in the confusion and arrives at
a theatrical agency. Julie states she had given off the wrong
signal to Tom, since she is planning on moving away. Julie tells
him that Kurt wants her to meet his children that weekend but
that this new degree of commitment has made her realize that she
is in love with Jason, who, along with Joe, have become her
closest family. Julie wants to go somewhere warm for the night.
Julie, however, is so outraged that she slugs him in the stomach
in front of the cast once the cameras have stopped rolling before
storming off. Julie, however, will not concede that her mother
could be right, so she places genetic blame on Jake’s anonymous
father. Julie, meanwhile, will be blasted off into space. Julie,
upset at their lack of respect, tries to leave as the pallbearers
carry Bill's coffin out of the church. Juliet (Keira Knightley)
and Peter (Chiwetel Ejiofor) get married in a lovely ceremony
orchestrated and videotaped by Mark (Andrew Lincoln), the best
man. Juliet, Peter, and Mark meet Jamie and his bride, Aurélia.
Juliet, played by Jocelyn DeBoer, seems to be a mixture of
Charlie and Rob. Juliette "Jules" Paxton (Keira Knightley) is the
same age and the daughter of a native English family. Julio gives
Belinha up to Roger while Fred and Honey celebrate. Julius
Sagamore, the shrewd family solicitor, then suggests that
Epifania undergo therapy with noted society psychiatrist Adrian
Bond. Julius admits the truth of it but insists that the legend
is not a lie. Julius and Lauren share a mutual love of the poetry
of Robert and Elizabeth Barrett Browning, and he claims to have
lived at one time in the Brownings' villa in Venice. Julius has
also seen the paper and intercepts Lauren and Daniel on their way
back to the hotel, angry that Lauren lied to him about going to
Venice to visit her sick mother. Julius hides them in a movie
theater and gives them his remaining cash, promising to return a
half-hour before sunset. Julius is nowhere to be seen, taken to a
police station, but despite being slapped around by an inspector,
refuses to reveal their whereabouts until the bells of the
Campanile have rung. Julius is sitting on a nearby bench and she
bids him a tearful farewell. Julius soon falls behind and Lauren
persuades Daniel to go back for him. Jumping into the driver's
seat, Tom drives by and stops to see Scott lean in to kiss Julie.
Jumping ship in Florida, she runs away boarding a bus to New York
City to reunite with her new spouse. June Drew (Anne Shirley) is
the daughter of widowed Christopher Drew (Herbert Marshall), who
suffers in silence as his daughter tries to "match" him with
every eligible woman in sight. June Ryder (Jane Fonda) has come
to the university to study home economics and to find a husband.
June angrily warns him not to see her again but he knocks on
Christy's door anyway, only to see her leaving. June breaks off
her engagement with Tom, who realizes that overnight he's fallen
for Kitty. June is there to help the daughter with her wedding
dress. June shows up at Tommy's workplace and gives him a hard
time, pretending to be a potential customer. Junior decides to
get a divorce and marry Marie and Rosie promised Dynamite to
return to Kansas City with him. Junior decides to give them a
check to calm them down, and repay Samuel and Jim for the fare.
Junior has hired detective Marcel Duryea (Osgood Perkins) to
investigate his wife, who is having an affair in Paris with dr
Sascha Pilnakoff (Ivan Lebedeff). Junior wedding planner Lauren
Crandell (Denise Richards) is assigned a wedding for Darla
Tedanski (Karen Cliche), the daughter of a prominent family by
her boss Gennifer "G" (Jessica Walter), who promises her a long
overdue promotion if she does well. Just a few days after the
wedding, various incidents lead Valeria to suspect her husband is
hiding a dark secret in his past and she discovers that he has
been using a false name. Just after Al leaves to search for his
car, Boyd arrives at the motel, taking the women back to Mojave
and locking them in a shed. Just after she leaves, the clock
strikes midnight and the same car arrives, this time with
Hemingway inside. Just as Basil realises who it is, Alan, Jean
and the Lloyds walk into the hotel, where they are confronted by
the sight of Basil apparently lying on top of Manuel with no
trousers on. Just as Brick is ready to kill Bryan, Lani and
Ernesto show up in the helicopter, catching Brick off guard. Just
as Calvin reaches out for her, Ruby runs into his bedroom and
locks the door. Just as Goring receives this note, however, his
father, Lord Caversham, drops in and demands to know when his son
will marry. Just as Greg is leaving, an airport employee arrives
with Greg's real missing luggage, under the name "Gaylord Focker"
much to the amusement of the Byrneses. Just as Jack is finally
realizing the true value of his new life, he sees Cash again as a
store clerk and demands to stay in this life, but Cash informs
him that there is nothing he can do. Just as Kid starts to curse
his cousins out Play stops him and convinces him to celebrate his
bachelor party here. Just as Mary figures a way out, the two are
joined by Hartman, who is made to feel guilty by Elizabeth and
Howard for getting Mary into this predicament. Just as Michael is
about to reveal his identity, they are interrupted by the arrival
of the T-Birds and Pink Ladies. Just as Mikal and Zia discuss
their plans to leave Kneller's camp, another camper, Yan, emerges
from the woods with news that Kneller's dog has been abducted by
a cult leader called "Messiah King". Just as Steve is about to
sign Brad's contract, Dolly cannot take it anymore. Just as Tramp
leaves, Lady sees a rat trying to sneak into the house. Just as
everything seems to have fallen into place, though, the parish
church is damaged in a massive fire. Just as he is about to
explain about Manulani and their children (described by Amelia as
"half-caste"), a hospital emergency interrupts. Just as he thinks
he's headed for a promotion, his manager, Dan, informs him that
he is hiring Darcy McGuire instead, to broaden the firm's appeal
to women. Just as it seems that the show is about to be canceled
due to the loss of its star, Peyton shows his footage of Sharpay
singing the show's emotional ballad ("New York's Best Kept
Secret"). Just as she is counseling a young man to control his
emotions to better serve the bank and its customers, Granger
strides into Priya's call center and cautiously declares his
devotion. Just as the fall semester is about to start, Deborah
confronts Michael about the love letters, but upon seeing them
Michael learns they aren't the letters he wrote and realizes that
Toni wrote the original love letter (by comparing Debbie's letter
to Toni's handwriting). Just as the fantasy seems to be a total
success, the natural complications of domestic life, like who
does the laundry or dishes, come to the foreground. Just as the
narrator says that Willie is a fictional character and not real,
Willie himself appears, alive and well, tearing the roof off the
narrator's house. Just as they are about to share a kiss, Emily
arrives and sees the two of them together and, feeling betrayed
and hurt, angrily drags Victor back to the Land of the Dead. Just
as they are really getting into it, they hear a knock on the door
and Jennifer's niece announces that she doesn't feel well and
vomits on the floor. Just as they give up, Eliza suddenly recites
"The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain" in perfect upper-
class style. Just before Christmas, he surprises his girlfriend
Missy with first class tickets to Fiji. Just before Margot leaves
for university she breaks up with her boyfriend Josh, who is also
their next door neighbor. Just before administering a fatal
injection of adrenaline, he finally tells Maggie the meaning of a
nickname he gave her, Mo Chuisle (spelled incorrectly in the film
as "mo cuishle"): Irish for "my darling, and my blood"
(literally, "my pulse"). Just before he leaves, Albert reminds
him that he's been neglecting their invalid neighbor Leslie. Just
before he steps on the plane he explains to Miriam why he left
her twenty years ago (but the audience can't hear what he says
because the plane makes too much noise). Just before infecting
Denise, he turns his head, sparing her his fate. Just before the
bout, however, the man receives a telegram warning him that the
police are after him. Just before the ceremony, Nick tells Kat he
realized he'd ". Just before the only stop, at Honolulu, Steve
has Dan put in the brig, but he escapes with their help and goes
ashore. Just before the race begins, Ann learns that the
institute has found money to reinstate Homer. Just before the
vows are to be taken, Sydney makes a dramatic entrance via moped.
Just before they are to leave for a trip to Rio de Janeiro,
Brazil, Karen says she is going on vacation by herself to "think
about everything". Just in time, Gleason and Kilcoyne show up
with the $50,000, won by a bet placed with mrs Donato's own
organization. Just minutes before a game, he and Kate literally
run into each other at the arena. Just prior to his airborne
division being sent to fight in Continental Europe he was on
leave in London during a bombing raid where he hit his head on a
lamp post. Just then Eddie is notified by his mother that his
father is very ill and she asks him to return. Just then his
friend, psychiatrist Roland "Doc" Cook (Richard Carlson), who
despite his irritation over losing June to Peter is to be best
man at the wedding, enters the apartment and assumes that Peter
is having one last fling before his marriage. Just then they see
a salmon jumping from the water, indicating that some fish
survived. Just then, Holly arrives and asks him if he is still
with Linda. Just then, Kate calls. Just then, Malone arrives by
helicopter, after hearing that the train is stalled. Just then,
film star Vittorio Vidal rushes out of the smart Pompeii Club, in
pursuit of his beautiful mistress, Ursula. Just then, however,
Estelle arrives to congratulate the Pooles and repay Augie the
loan. Just then, the real police surround the place. Just to get
rid of him, Lucky gives him $10 for his abstract paintings. Just
when Amy is about to land at the docks in New York City, a man
named John Grey - a New York architect living in Rochester - gets
a telegram informing him of the arrival of his wife and children
by boat. Just when Minelli is about to kill Other Guy, Blankman
activates his jet-powered roller blades and captures Minelli and
delivers him to the police. Just when it seems the two are about
to reconcile, Montana interrupts them and claims that she and
Jeffrey slept together the previous night. Just when the priest
asks for objections, Tom is sent flying off his horse and through
the chapel doors. Just when they find themselves ready to commit
to each other, the pains from the past catch up with them,
challenging them to finally own up to the mistakes made and lies
said, and eventually realize what it is to forgive and forget.
Justin can't do it and backs out. Justine Last (Jennifer Aniston)
is a depressed and unmotivated thirty-year-old woman living in a
small town in Texas with her husband Phil (John Reilly), a house
painter who spends most of his free time smoking marijuana with
his best friend, Bubba (Tim Blake Nelson). Justine becomes
desperate to extricate herself from the relationship with Holden.
Justine is called into Jack's office and interrogated about their
relationship. Justine speaks to Holden in private at work the
following day, explaining that what they're doing is wrong and
she can't see him in that way anymore. Justine then meets up with
Holden. Justine works at Retail Rodeo, the local big-box store,
along with Cheryl (Zooey Deschanel), a cynical, plain-spoken
young woman, Gwen (Deborah Rush), a ditzy older woman who manages
the cosmetics counter, and Corny (Mike White), a Nazarene
security guard. Jüttner cannot bring himself to destroy his
friend's happiness. Kabir, meanwhile, has tried in vain to give
away his £500. Kaiser, still alive, arrives at Mojave unseen as
Boyd drives off with Al, Sal, Julie and Ellie in the car atop his
truck, intending on tipping the car and passengers over the edge
of a quarry. Karan (Saif Ali Khan) is a cartoonist and a self-
styled ladies' man. Karan admits his love for her, and they get
married and have a baby girl. Karan and Rhea reunite again. Karan
deems it a mistake and asks Rhea to marry him as he feels he took
advantage of her, and that marriage will rectify the mistake.
Karan goes on air and reveals the truth about the defence
minister and his wrongdoings. Karan quickly learns he has little
in common with the feisty but proper Rhea, but he won't give up.
Karan realises his mistake, and goes out to find her. Karan
returns to Mumbai, and three months later, Rhea and her mother
visit. Karel Novak (Lederer), an incredibly naive Czech
immigrant, arrives in New York with $58; but now he must have
$200 or be sent back. Karel asks her to marry him. Karel comes
home early because of a strike and helps Sylvia with the washing.
Karel does not admit he was fished out of the river and so does
not get his $58 back. Karel goes back to drive a taxi even though
he gets beat up because of the strike. Karel goes to Murphy and
asks how to get married. Karel is arrested, as Pander is turning
him in for money. Karel is vaccinated at the police station, and
he and Sylvia are married. Karel shows Sylvia his taxi; but she
says her show has closed. Karel tells Sylvia he is in the country
illegally but expects to be made a citizen. Karen (Brandi Milton)
stalks in demanding to see Byron, which sparks Rose's jealousy.
Karen and Matthew decide to work on their marital problems,
Jennifer begins dating a young male nurse she met while
recuperating in the hospital, and Matthew thanks daughter Nikki
for being the only one who has not misbehaved. Karen and the kids
greet Harry, but Karen's reaction suggests that they are
struggling to move past his indiscretion. Karen appears to
reciprocate and they both share a tender kiss. Karen convinces
Principal Duvall, that they did not spread the Book. Karen
invites Gary to her 18th birthday party the following week. Karen
is a beautiful transfer student to their school who is a virgin
that Rick is determined to deflower. Karen stops by to express
her condolences to Byron, but soon they began to argue. Karen
threatens Byron that if he doesn't pay her some child support,
'the popo's gon' be knockin' at yo' do'. Karen's brother, David
(Hugh Grant), is the recently elected Prime Minister. Karenin
asks her to break it off to avoid further gossip, believing that
their marriage will be preserved. Karenin changes his plans after
hearing that Anna is dying after the difficult birth of her
daughter, Annie. Karenin forces Anna to hand over some of
Vronsky's love letters, which the lawyer deems insufficient as
proof of the affair. Karenin is also present at the races and
remarks to Anna that her behaviour is improper. Karenin reminds
his wife of the impropriety of paying too much attention to
Vronsky in public, which is becoming the subject of gossip. Karin
and Larry eventually reunite on the ski slopes and all is
forgiven. Karin comes to New York to thwart the romance and get
her husband back, playing her mythical twin sister Katherine
Borg, a wild, amoral "modern" woman. Karin, in the guise of
Katherine, fascinates Larry until he realizes the truth. Karishma
asks Nikhil to arrange before marriage, which is 7 days later, to
earn a contract. Karishma finds Meeta's phone in her room, reads
the messages, and realizes she has lost Nikhil. Karl feels the
same about her and swears that he will let nothing separate them.
Karl jokingly tells him that, when he is king, he will make
Kellermann his majordomo. Kasim finally understands and embraces
the princess. Kasim takes the women and strands Jeff and Orville
in the desert. Kat Ellis (Debra Messing) is a single New Yorker
who returns to her parents' house in London to be the maid of
honor at her younger half sister Amy's (Amy Adams) wedding. Kat
and Daisy are sisters and rivals: Kat studies astronomy, works at
the planetarium in the famous Whaling Museum of The Mystic
Seaport, as well as the restaurant, and has been accepted to
attend Yale University on a partial scholarship. Kat and Nick
begin a real relationship together. Kat confesses to Bianca that
she dated Joey when they were freshmen and, succumbing to peer
pressure, had sex with him. Kat forgives him, and the two
reconcile with a kiss. Kat intends to make her former flame,
Jeffrey (Jeremy Sheffield), jealous, but her plan backfires when
Nick convinces everyone, including her, that they are madly in
love. Kat is still angry with Patrick, but he wins her over by
serenading her with the accompaniment of the marching band, and
she helps him sneak out of detention. Kat is the apple of her
Portuguese mother's eye, while Daisy is not because her mother
feels she is more wild and is not as goal-oriented as her younger
sister. Kat then feels herself, too, falling for Nick as he
slowly falls for her. Kat, a senior, is accepted to Sarah
Lawrence College in New York, but her father, Walter, wants her
to stay close to home. Kate (Debra Messing) is Patti's best
friend since college. Kate (Olivia Wilde) and Luke (Jake Johnson)
are co-workers at Chicago craft brewery Revolution Brewing, where
they spend their days drinking and goofing off. Kate Loughlin is
a vivacious young actress struggling to get her big break in the
London film industry. Kate Moseley is a world-class figure skater
representing the United States in the pairs event at the 1988
Winter Olympics. Kate Tosconi is a journalist in her early 20s
working in Chicago for a women's magazine called Contemporary
Woman Magazine. Kate agrees to give him another chance. Kate also
gets a make over and John immediately notices Kate and tries to
win her attention, but Kate dismisses him. Kate and Henry are a
happy couple. Kate and John eventually go on a series of dates,
the first of which at a bonfire at the beach. Kate and Norbit buy
the orphanage and get married under the same tree where they once
played as children. Kate confronts Norbit after finding out about
the deal and sees him in the window of the basement, where he has
been locked away by a vengeful Rasputia. Kate finishes saying,
"as for the girl who made John Tucker fall in love, well, she's a
legend". Kate first attempts to convince Ashley to get back
together with Henry but Ashley doesn't believe her change of
heart, and is preparing to fly to Las Vegas with Dan. Kate
insists that she is not properly dressed for such an occasion, so
Harvey buys her a dress and the two head to the Grosvenor House
Hotel, where they are welcomed by Susan and squeezed in at two
places on the children's table. Kate invites Luke to go skinny
dipping before stripping off her clothes and running into the
lake. Kate is furious about having been a part of a bet and
refuses to believe his claims that he has fallen in love with her
in the meantime. Kate is now good friends with Beth, Carrie, and
Heather. Kate is squeamish about the blood and unhelpful. Kate is
unprepared after John asks to take her home and Beth intervenes
to teach her how to kiss. Kate joins him. Kate joins the
cheerleading team in order to get John's attention, and the girls
give her advice on how to act around John and spy on the dates
using surveillance equipment. Kate later finds out that Vanni
also doesn't think highly of her writing abilities yet he had
strung her along. Kate learns from a co-worker that he dates
girls from different cliques at his school so that they never
interact and convinces the girls he dates to keep their
relationships secret. Kate seduces John on a video-chat and tells
him to put on a woman's thong and climb out of his room and into
hers. Kate tells Heather, Carrie and Beth that she wants to be
out of the plan, as whether they are dating or plotting to
destroy John Tucker, it is still all about him. Kate tells Sal
that they need to get the other half or the men will be killed.
Kate tries to intervene, only to get all four of them sent to
detention for the fight. Kate tries to pull the "stranded girl in
the snow" routine to attract Duke and Chester, but is interrupted
by Sal's arrival. Kate tries to settle into the rekindled
relationship with Adam, but realizing she is really a lesbian,
she breaks it off again. Kate writes Rusty a letter apologizing
and telling him she's in rehab, having realized the only person
who could truly fix her is herself. Kate's mother Bea (Piper
Laurie) secretly travels to Garfield's offices to offer one
million dollars in greenmail to Garfield if he'll go away, but he
refuses, stating, "I don't take money from widows or orphans".
Kate's resolve to maintain her integrity is put to the test as
she finds herself drawn to Vincent when they are repeatedly
thrown together. Kate, who is often seen in monologue with her
unseen therapist, is heartbroken after finding Anne with another
woman. Katey and Javier dance with the other couples on the floor
and are chosen to go on to the next round. Katey argues with
Susie and goes to find Javier. Katey attempts to talk to the
waiter—Javier (Diego Luna), who works at the hotel to support his
family—because she feels awful about what had occurred, but he is
not interested. Katey convinces him to take her to the Cuban club
where Javier is dancing with the ladies. Katey watches a film of
her mother and father dancing and wishes she could dance as well
as they did. Katey wears one of her maid's dresses to the country
club party and impresses James. Katey's family is there to see
her, and Katey narrates that she doesn't know when she will see
Javier again, but this will not be their last time to dance
together. Katey's parents disapprove of her relationship with
Javier, but Katey reconciles with them. Katharine comes home on
the day of the meeting with Trask. Katharine is fired on the spot
for her fraud, and Trask offers Tess an "entry-level" job with
his company. Katharine listens to the idea and says she'll pass
it through some people. Katharine tries to lead the group away,
but Jack says he believes Tess. Katherine again runs into Devlin,
who invites her and Danny out to dinner. Katherine and Danny also
run into the real-life Devlin Adams (Nicole Kidman) and her
husband Ian Maxtone-Jones (Dave Matthews), who allegedly invented
the iPod. Katherine confides in Devlin about being in love with
Danny, but then Danny shows up behind her saying that he is not
marrying Palmer and that he is in love with Katherine. Katherine
then runs into Devlin at a bar and admits that she pretended to
be married to Danny to avoid embarrassment. Kathleen Kelly is
involved with Frank Navasky, a leftist newspaper writer for The
New York Observer who is always in search of an opportunity to
root for the underdog. Kathleen and her three store assistants,
George, Aunt Birdie and Christina open up her small shop that
morning. Kathleen enters Fox Books to discover the true nature of
the store is one of friendliness and relaxation, yet without the
same dedication to children's books as her shop. Kathleen runs
the independent bookstore "The Shop Around The Corner" that her
mother ran before her. Kathryn and Harry's father is offered a
job in South America, which would mean money, but also that the
family would have to leave before graduation was completed for
the siblings. Kathryn's brother Harry (Todd Karns) takes on the
task of designing decorations for the graduation ceremony. Kathy
criticizes her father, saying it was not fair that he lied to her
in order to protect her, yet refuse to permit her to see a total
stranger. Kathy has seemingly been happily married to Peter, but
their relationship has grown routine. Kathy holds on as Johnny
uses the car as a ramp and the two new lovers ride off into the
big city. Kathy joins him on stage after the show is over,
dancing alone in the spotlight. Kathy's father, Gordon, becomes
suspicious of Johnny, and warns Kathy to stay away from him
because they can't trust strangers. Katie Higgins (Williams) is
the wholesome daughter of a dairy farmer. Katie finds him too
fast. Katie is a 25-year-old virgin who wants to save herself for
the ideal man. Katie is good friends with Ben, who is crazy about
her and wants to move their relationship from friendship to
romance; she does not feel the same way about him, however. Katie
is the only one in the family strong enough to attempt this feat,
so she begins training with Weebe as her coach. Katie meanwhile
meets Ben, who works as a postman in the building, and befriends
him. Katie tries to stay focused on her swim, but is being pulled
in different directions by the two men. Katie's ex-boyfriend,
William, tries to persuade Katie that they should be together.
Katie's father, Smitty, breaks out of jail to walk her down the
aisle. Katie's parents are then arrested for robbing the store.
Katie, nursing a broken heart because of her latest break-up, is
recruited to pretend to be a heavily-veiled Lara to complete the
charade. Katrina becomes more and more furious, finally throwing
her purse and striking Johann in parliament during one of his
scathing speeches. Katrina embraces and kisses him. Katya
Livingston is an ad exec living in San Francisco. Katya finds out
about the Royal Ball, a benefit for Youth Aid International and
the biggest social event of the season. Katya is vain and
selfish, trying to keep up with society by wearing designer knock
offs and trying to get in to all of the hottest clubs. Kay Colby
(Carole Lombard) is a Park Avenue beauty with two suitors: fiancé
Bill Wadsworth (Cesar Romero) and Scott Miller (Preston Foster).
Kay follows him into an opera house where they kiss before an
unexpected audience. Kay is a sophisticated Italian woman, the
mistress of a Manhattan millionaire industrialist known simply as
The Man, who uses her to help him influence his contacts at The
Pentagon. Kay is the last to find out among her circle of
gossiping girlfriends. Kay is upset by Bill's leaving, and
annoyed by Scott pressing his suit, but Scott has the assistance
and approval of Kay's mother (Janet Beecher) in his efforts, and
the advice of his friend and business partner, Brinkerhoff
(Richard Carle). Kay returns to her hotel, to see Phillip Chester
(Ralph Bellamy) waiting for her, the man who is in love with her.
Kay tells them that she has hired him as a chef. Kay travels to
Reno to divorce from Steve who then marries Crystal, but when Kay
finds out that Crystal isn't true to Steve she starts fighting to
win her ex-husband back. Kay, as well as Stanley, realize
Buckley's devotion to his family. Kay, undaunted, accepts
Phillip's proposal of marriage and orders an engagement dinner.
Kay, who already had plans to attend dinner with Lady Paula
Malverton (Isabel Jeans), tries to brush him off, only to become
charmed by the persistent and impetuous Rene. Keala finishes her
turn, then paddles out and takes Anne Marie under her wing and
encourages her to take the best wave of the day, on which Anne
Marie manages to score perfectly. Keaton accidentally gets drunk
at a restaurant where Beery and Leahy are dining, and Beery
tricks the male half of another couple into punching Keaton, who
stumbles home drunk. Keaton evades the police chasing him and
make it to the church on time, dragging Leahy away from the
wedding and into a cab. Keaton is overwhelmed by the bigger
Beery, but ends up winning the game with an impressive touchdown.
Keaton is rescued by Leahy's parents while Beery kidnaps Leahy.
Keaton rescues her and tries to seduce her in her palanquin,
which takes off without them. Keaton survives by befriending the
lion and cleaning its claws. Keaton wins thanks to hiding a rock
in his club, but is caught and tied to the tail of an elephant to
be dragged around the dirt as punishment. Keen to help where he
can, Denny helps Andy, one of Terry's daughters, to become a
production assistant at the radio station where he works. Keeping
warm during the storm, Leslie and Maggie begin to see each other
as more than competitors. Keith brings Francey to the prom as his
own guest, and Francey, still posing as a student, develops a
friendly rapport with mrs Morgan, but gets into a nasty brawl
with Helen in which Francey accidentally punches Peter's father.
Keith kidnaps Seymour and Johnny goes after him until he escapes.
Keith promotes Johnny from mailroom clerk to supervisor to
replace Chris who was killed. Keith tries to kill Johnny by
shooting him in the shoulder. Keith's hitman is trying to kill
Johnny for blackmail until he shoots Walsh in the arm. Kelleher
(Rimmer), who sends his friend, Oliver Plexico (Daly) to retrieve
it. Kellie Waymire, Nastassja Kinski, Alec Mapa, Amanda Peet and
Michael Emerson also have roles in the film. Kelly Ernswiler, a
young war reenactment enthusiast, works at his local store with
love interest Sarah and Bart Bowland. Kelly cycles to the clinic
where his father is staying and is surprised. Kelly denies it at
first and then becomes speechless. Kelly eventually manages to
talk Logan into helping them (after she creates an impromptu
press conference at the dinner where Logan is being introduced as
the new candidate for District Attorney). Kelly is cast in a role
to be a jeep driver and when his cue is called, Bart turns up out
of the bushes and confronts him about Tabby. Kelly sees Lance
again on his lawn where they faked the invasion, and goes over to
him and confesses, only to be punched in the jaw. Kelly's father,
Abe, works with drug addicts, being clean himself for over five
years. Kelly's friend Kaya falls in love with charming busboy
Carlos; Kelly's other friend, Alexa, schemes to keep Justin and
Kelly from meeting; Justin's friend Brandon is always getting on
the wrong side of a sexy beach patrolwoman; and Justin's other
friend, Eddie, tries to hook up with a cyber-pal. Kelp says that
the one thing he learned from being someone else is that if you
don't like yourself, you can't expect others to like you. Kelp's
lack of physical strength prompts him to invent a serum that
turns him into the handsome, suave, charming and cheeky girl-
chasing hipster, Buddy Love. Kelsey (Edgar Kennedy) assigns
O'Connor (Allen Jenkins) to try steal Glory away for his own
radio program, sponsored by the Kelsey Dish Rag Company. Kelsey
tells Quinn she is in love with him and starts flirting with him.
Kelsi and Ryan start out the show followed by a couple other
numbers; Jimmie then performs with Sharpay and embarrasses her,
although the audience applauds the performance. Kelsi overhears
the conversation and the basketball team and the decathlon team
work together to come up with a plan. Kelsi silently shows Troy
the notice from mr Fulton, causing Troy to question his own
motivations ("Bet On It"). Kelton, refusing to accept this, tries
to find out more on Forndexter, and finds out that 'Harold' is an
impostor, as the real Forndexter (Alan Thicke) looks quite
differently. Ken appears and convinces her to re-enter the
relationship, while Alice repairs her relationship with Robin,
who is revealed to be heavily wealthy, living in an entire floor
apartment. Ken who is the law office receptionist, is smitten
with her. Kendal and Jose leave. Kendal comes up with the idea to
have the penniless Jose pose as a wealthy man to divert Phyllis.
Kendal eventually confesses to Stephen what she did to make
Phyllis reject him, angering her husband. Kenji Delos Reyes
delivers a speech during the wedding reception of his college
friends, Kirby and Grace. Kenneth carries her off to deposit her
in her bed, past a fuming Nina. Kenneth comes out to free her.
Kenneth instructs him to watch his movements and find his rhythm.
Kenneth panics and runs into the woods. Kenneth says his mission
is to go back to 2001 and prevent the death of his old girlfriend
Belinda, who was killed when someone drove a car into her house.
Kenneth signs without noticing that one check is for $100,000,
but when Virginia andJ. Kenneth tells Darius that his mission has
been updated, saying he now wants to go back for her. Kenneth
walked out and goes on a drinking spree while Kenji goes on a
trip to Kenneth asks Kelay if they can have a great love story
like Kenji and Athena. Kenny Fisher (Seth Green) is a wigger who
plans on losing his virginity by the end of the night. Kenny, a
former Black Panther, and Spencer argue furiously about racial
issues. Kent "rides" the flowing popcorn out of the front door
unharmed and laughing, thinking the incident was religious in
nature. Kent meets Robert Armstrong, a prizefighter, and falls in
love with him. Kent vows revenge. Ketty attracts the unwanted
attention of Captain Louis (Pepé Le Pew) but she scratches him
and throws him into the wall. Ketty pleads with Bugs to help
Sylvester out of this. Ketty, who is a former girlfriend of Bugs,
asks Daffy Duck (as Sam) to play her favorite song. Kevin (Thomas
Ian Nicholas) is inspired by his brother to make his summer with
his friends count by renting a beach home. Kevin and Jane kiss
and have sex in the car. Kevin and Nina, who is a chef in a ritzy
restaurant, meet in a Catholic Church where he tells her that
Adam suspects she is cheating on him. Kevin and his gang then
proceed to beat Denis up in front of the entire party in the most
humiliating fashion, pounding him to the beat of the song
playing. Kevin becomes his new sidekick but without a name. Kevin
doesn't end up "getting off" with anyone, but he does seem to
succeed in getting over Vicky (Tara Reid) after making advances
on her throughout the film. Kevin finally convinces him with the
news that Minelli had their grandmother killed and that he will
wear the costume Darryl designed for him. Kevin however, recovers
and subdues him yet again. Kevin is Adam's friend who drives a
cab to support himself while he pursues his passion for painting.
Kevin realizes a problem and worked out that they can only afford
the house if they have a fifth member to work along with them.
Kevin rushes to Darryl's workplace with the news, but Darryl
refuses to help wanting a normal life. Kevin sees a woman he
wants, but loses interest in her after he gets her. Kevin still
proclaims his love for Nina, but she is still suspect of his
feelings. Kevin tells Adam he wasn't treating Nina right and
tells him he knows that Adam is not truly in love with Nina.
Kevin tells him how messed up that is, but Adam only shrugs it
off. Kevin then forces Denis to row a boat out to the middle of
the lake. Kevin's editor ran the article on the front page of the
'Commitments' section, despite Kevin and her settling to hold it
for a while. Kevin's father forgoes charging Beth with stealing
his car if they don't charge Kevin with attempting to kill Denis.
Kevin, after Nina and Adam break up, tells her that their
relationship wasn't just sex and that he's in love with her.
Kevin, hoping to win the affections of Kimberly Jonz, a reporter
at his TV station, begs Darryl to allow her to interview him.
Kevin, ignoring warnings from Andrew, proposes to Sarah from the
stage. Kevin, it turns out, is the man in which she is cheating
on Adam with because she was feeling neglected by Adam. Kewpie
chases them to a ship where he frees the woman who ends up to be
Sadie. Kewpie suggests that Gloria enters the Miss Pacific Fleet
contest to win the cash prize. Kewpie then offers to enter a
boxing match in order to win 5000 votes for Gloria. Key plot
points include Franny's rape at the hands of quarterback Chipper
Dove and several of his fellow football teammates. Kicked off the
force and humiliated, Nestor finds himself drawn to the very
neighborhood that ended his career with the Paris police -
returning to Chez Moustache, a popular hangout tavern for
prostitutes and their pimps. Kid (Christopher "Kid" Reid) is
marrying his girlfriend Veda (Angela Means), while his best
friend Peter,ka. Kid fights Miles on the roof. Kid gives the
money to mrLee for the damages, Kid goes to his pop's grave where
he meets Play, who arrives with the tuition money. Kid is given
one week by the dean (Dean Kramer) to pay his tuition fee or face
being kicked out of college. Kid steals the key to the faculty
dining hall. Kid, Play and campus security go upstairs to stop
the con artists and Miles. Kiki and Eddie prepare to leave the
hotel together. Kiki is fired by Gwen when she reveals dirty
secrets about Gwen while they were growing up that even the
press, the cast and crew who watched the "reality movie" didn't
know about. Kiko calls Jackie and manages to find her in Manila.
Kiko finally talks to his father and asks him to fight for him
too, because he is also his son. Kiko scolds Jackie for her
constant wallowing in self-pity when others are suffering too.
Kiko thanks Jackie for her help and takes her to the bus
terminal, however she has a change of heart and goes back to the
medical mission to fulfil her deal for her New York plans. Kiko
then receives an frantic call from his younger brother that his
sister is bleeding for an unknown reason. Kim Mathews (Felicity
Jones) is introduced by a television presenter (Miquita Oliver)
as a former skateboarding champion whose mother was killed in a
car accident. Kim and Johnny become closer and at the end of a
business trip with his father and some potential investors he
decides to stay behind, presumably to spend more time with Kim.
Kim continues to work on her snowboarding skills and tries to
conquer her fear of the high jumps as it brings back the memory
of the car crash. Kim does well on all obstacles until she gets
to the high jump; she stops as she remembers the car accident
again. Kim gives up skateboarding and begins working in a fast
food burger bar to pay household bills to help her father (Bill
Bailey). Kim is instantly attracted to Johnny (Ed Westwick) the
rich son of Richard (Bill Nighy) and Caroline (Brooke Shields),
although he is in a relationship with girlfriend Chloe (Sophia
Bush). Kim makes all obstacles and jumps, visualizing her mother
cheering her on from the crowd; she lands the jump perfectly and
wins. Kim packs her stuff and leaves the house upset and angry
that Johnny lied to her and slept with her even though he was
engaged. Kim works as a switchboard operator in a local answering
service where a regular caller, named Julian (Thomas Sadoski),
wants to meet with her for lunch the following day. Kimberly
(Támar Davis) arrives demanding to know why her sisters summoned
her to the house, but they don't know themselves. Kimberly and
her father comes to their aid and drives them home. Kimberly
becomes heartbroken and drives away from the house in tears.
Kimberly enters the house and awaits Richard. Kimberly goes
upstairs with Jason and sincerely apologizes for all she's done.
Kimberly notifies Richard on phone about their dating
arrangements and her intentions to Skype with his mother when she
gets home. Kimberly prepares dinner and invites them all to the
table. Kimberly reveals that Clara is much older than she looks,
but Akpors doesn't give up on starting a date with her. Kimberly
then reveals she knows that they are Blankman and Other Guy, and
she kisses Darryl to prove it. Kimberly's husband Jason (Rico
Ball) rushes in to announce that Uncle Monroe (Palmer Williams,
Jr) has arrived; everyone hides their stuff because he's a crack
cocaine-addicted kleptomaniac. Kimmy and Julianne reconcile with
each other while the witnesses applaud. Kimmy witnesses this, and
runs off, but Michael chases her. Kimmy, rightly furious with
Julianne, confronts her, while the other women watch, immediately
siding with Kimmy and are disgusted with Julianne's dirty
tactics. Kimora also sees a counselor, then goes back to Jay and
asks him to pull down his pants for a blowjob, but he refuses,
overwhelmed by her presence. Kimora leaves Jay's house. King
Cedric appoints Ralph the third Duke of Warren, with a lucrative
annual salary, a palace in the country and a state-of-the-art
recording studio. King Francis accuses Rodmilla of lying to Queen
Marie about Danielle. King Haraald abdicates and the newly
crowned Edvard realizes that he too has responsibilities to
shoulder. King Kong comes on and rips off her dress, leaving her
clad in a leopard print bikini. King Serge IV of Molvania
(Menjou) comes to a small American town, and falls in love with
one of its residents, Mary Young (Love). King William (Dakin
Matthews), widowed father of newborn Princess Odette, and Queen
Uberta (Sandy Duncan), widowed mother of young Prince Derek,
decide to betroth their children in the hopes of uniting their
kingdoms. King and Desiree are taken away, while Mikal leaves
with them, promising Zia that she'll return. Kira is a special
botanist, who can talk with plants and has the gift of predicting
the future. Kirk Kettner (Jay Baruchel) is a twenty-something TSA
officer employed at the Pittsburgh International Airport along
with his friends, fellow TSA officer Stainer (T. Kirk and Molly
then make up and resume their relationship, even if their friends
don't approve it. Kirk has a poor track record with dating and is
hoping to reconcile with his self-centered ex-girlfriend, Marnie
(Lindsay Sloane), who despite having broken up with him two years
earlier, and having since found a new boyfriend Ron (Hayes
MacArthur), has remained close with Kirk's parents (Debra Jo Rupp
and Adam LeFevre), brother Dylan (Kyle Bornheimer), and pregnant
sister-in-law-to-be Debbie (Jessica st Clair). Kirk is the only
TSA officer to treat Molly courteously. Kirk is troubled, when
Molly is intentionally vague about Kirk's line of work to her
parents. Kirk leaves and later resumes his relationship with
Marnie, planning on a family trip to Branson. Kirk rejects Marnie
during an unorthodox airport pursuit and meets Molly in the
airport where she tells him that he is out of shape and she asked
him out because she thought he was safe and wouldn't hurt her.
Kirk takes the blame for the incident to protect Katie, after
which a grateful Molly offers Kirk tickets to a Pittsburgh
Penguins hockey game at the Mellon Arena. Kirk's friend and even
richer cousin, Jack Clayton (Cary Grant), goes to see Tira to ask
her to leave Kirk and his fiancée alone. Kiss him. Kitty Bellairs
(Claudia Dell), a famous flirt of her day, comes to Bath for the
season. Kitty Brent helps him with some steamship tickets, so Tom
wants to do something nice in return. Kitty and her mother travel
to a German spa to recover from her ill health. Kitty asks him
which man she should choose and the hairdresser says she should
choose the highwayman because he prefers "a manly man". Kitty
comes to apologize for her unkind words later. Kitty eventually
learns that she is pregnant. Kitty happens to be there and as
soon as she hears the story she begins to fear for the life of
Lord Varney, whom she now realizes is the one she really loves.
Kitty is very struck by Anna's beauty and personality and becomes
infatuated with her just as Vronsky is. Kitty offers to accompany
Levin on his journey to see Nikolai and proves herself a great
help in nursing Nikolai. Kitty realizes that Vronsky has fallen
in love with Anna and has no intention of marrying her, despite
his overt flirtations. Kitty reluctantly takes the absent Mae's
place. Kitty says her marriage to fiance Kenneth is on hold until
he can sell an insurance policy to a milkman named Baglipp. Kitty
tells Lara Jean that Peter really cares for her and returns the
hatbox now filled with the notes that Peter gave Lara Jean while
they were fake dating which Kitty fished out of the trash.
Kitty's family is concerned that a man as altruistic as her
husband does not consider himself to be a Christian, but after
speaking at length to a peasant, Levin has a true change of
heart, concluding that he does believe in the Christian
principles taught to him in childhood and no longer questions his
faith. Kitty, Pop and his longtime fiancee Lulu go off on their
own, forming a traveling carnival, but it isn't quite the same.
Kitty, however, invites him over to the Covey's for dinner.
Kitty, humiliated by Vronsky and tormented by her rejection of
Levin, upsets her sister by referring to Stiva's infidelity,
saying she could never love a man who betrayed her. Kitty, who
comes to visit Dolly and Anna, is just eighteen. Klara and Jorg,
MD, arrive in Paris for a weekend vacation, but soon split apart.
Kneller invites them back to his camp, where they quickly
discover that minor "miracles" occur, as long as the campers
remain apathetic about the result. Kneller, Zia, Mikal, and Yan
set off in search of King and Kneller's dog. Knives accepts that
her relationship with Scott is over. Knives fights Ramona over
Scott, and Scott is forced to reveal that he dated them
concurrently. Knowing Natalie's location via a tracking device in
a necklace he gave her as a birthday present, Cody breaks into
the CIA weapons hold and steals a rocket powered snowboard and
other devices to rescue Natalie. Knowing he cannot be rearrested
for a murder the police now know did not occur, Nestor rushes to
the church, where he plans to marry Irma. Knowing he is in
trouble, Tom tricks Spike into believing the board is a bone by
playing "fetch". Knowing how Martha feels about Gary, Doug helps
him come back, but Gary goes back to his old ways and drives
Martha away. Knowing nothing about ranching, but eager to support
her husband, the author encourages the dream but is unprepared
for the primitive conditions that exist on the ranch he
purchases. Knowing that Mike can't protect him, he courageously
stands up to Milo himself, and ends up brawling with Milo in the
street. Knowing that Quincy is Evan's cousin, Nicky lies and
tells Quincy her name is Mary. Knowing that Rathod was an ace
pilot, Sonia and her friends do not accept the official
explanation. Knowing that Spectacular. Knowing that Vizzini is
dead, they seek out the man in black hoping that, if he could
outsmart Vizzini, his wits will help them plan a successful
attack on the castle to find and kill Count Rugen. Knowing that a
suicide will void his daughter's inheritance, he contracts to
have himself assassinated within two days. Knowing that they have
money for the rest of their lives, Helena and João look ahead to
a better life, although Helena tells João that he "cheated".
Knowing the bar is not appropriate for an elegant princess, Jimmy
tries to change her mind, but she insists. Knowing the danger
that the girl runs with the wolf-bad, the three try to help her
and interferes with the story of course. Knowing they will be
skeptical of him if she tells them he's in a band, she doesn't
tell them anything about him, including his name. Knowing what
Ozzy has come to do, he tells his mother to go into the house and
make dinner, while he goes outside with Ozzy. Kokori tells Alan
that the reason he was sidetracked was because he had slept with
Bunmi (Belinda Effah), who was also the Managing Directors'
(Norbert Young) girlfriend. Kong then gropes her, she says "I
like hairy guys" and Kong roars and flattens her. Konstantin has
to propose twice before Kitty accepts. Korotny (Charles McGraw),
with another transfer if he does not capture Kobayashi soon—this
time to an even more remote rock with only six other soldiers as
company. Korotny tells Merle he is shipping out in the morning.
Kralik and Miss Novak, now alone in the shop, talk about their
planned dates for the evening and Miss Novak reveals that she had
a crush on Kralik when they first met, back when she was "foolish
and naive". Kralik dismisses Vadas, loudly and publicly, pushing
Vadas across the shop floor into a pile of cigarette boxes.
Kralik is mr Matuschek's oldest and most trusted employee—just
invited to a dinner party at Matuschek's home—but lately there
has been tension between the two. Kralik tells her there are no
openings, but when she is able to sell one of the cigarette boxes
(as a candy box), mr Matuschek hires her. Kralik thinks it's a
bad idea. Kralik's coworkers at Matuschek and Company include his
friend, Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), a kindly family man; Ferencz
Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut), a two-faced womanizer; and Pepi
Katona (William Tracy), an ambitious, precocious delivery boy.
Kralik's planned meeting is interrupted when mr Matuschek demands
that everyone stay after work. Kristen and Bill get married.
Kristen tries to get Jeremy to have sex with her and by
roleplaying "Game of Thrones" characters, but Jeremy has
reservations about becoming a father. Kristy also gains work as a
research analyst, and they are able to buy a "three-bedroom
mortgage" in the suburbs. Kristy knows who she is and what she
wants in life and seemingly always has. Kumail's traditional
Muslim family are unhappy with his relationship with Emily, an
American. Kyle (Jim Verraros) breaks up with Marc (Brett
Chukerman), his love interest from the first movie, accusing him
of flirting with hotter men. Kyle and the girls devise a scheme
in which Kyle pretends to be an ex-gay who is dating Tiffani, to
overcome Troy's inhibitions and get him to sleep with the both of
them. Kyle becomes something of a postmortem cult phenomenon at
the school, and soon Lance begins to receive the adoration that
he has always desired. Kyle comes up with a crazy scheme. Kyle
convinces Gwen to "pretend" to be Caleb's date and Marc to
"pretend" to be his. Kyle figures that Caleb can use Marc to get
to Gwen, while Kyle uses Caleb to get to Marc. Kyle gives Zach
his handgun, reminding him that Beth is suffering. Kyle is a
student at the school where Lance teaches an unpopular poetry
class. Kyle joins them as Linda Lue leaves for New York, and the
remaining three discuss writing a song together. Kyle overhears
it and realizes that Marc and Caleb had sex. Kyle's consistently
poor academic performance and vile behavior gain the attention of
the school principal (Geoff Pierson), who advises Lance that Kyle
should transfer to a special-needs school. Kyle, Tiffani (Rebekah
Kochan) and Gwen, friends from the first movie, all become
attracted to Troy (Marco Dapper), a chiseled farm boy from Troy,
Illinois, who poses nude for their art class. Lacking any other
sort of skills, he decides to dress up as a woman named "Juwanna
Mann" to play for the Charlotte Banshees of the WUBA (fictional
version of the WNBA). Ladies golf and tennis championships are
within her reach, however she gets flustered by his presence at
the contests. Lady Catherine challenges Elizabeth to a duel,
committed to eliminating the competition, but Elizabeth defeats
her. Lady Catherine is Mr Darcy's aunt and extremely wealthy.
Lady Catherine visits Elizabeth under the impression that she is
going to marry Mr Darcy, Elizabeth refuses to deny this claim and
Lady Catherine leaves outraged by her perceived insolence. Lady
Chiltern initially agrees to support Sir Robert's decision to
renounce his career in politics, but Lord Goring dissuades her
from allowing her husband to resign. Lady Chiltern then appears,
and Lord Goring informs her that Sir Robert's letter has been
destroyed but that mrs Cheveley has stolen her letter and plans
to use it to destroy her marriage. Lady Christabel Beauclerk
(Margaret Rutherford), an English aristocrat, has become a
fanatical bird fancier. Lady Christabel has her hands full
sorting out this unwanted love affair, when the affections of the
young woman are no longer unrequited. Lady Julia's husband is
neglecting her and Kitty gives her advice on how to make her
husband interested once again. Lady Malverton arrives with a
swarm of gossips and demands to know the truth. Lady Malverton
calls Rene over to her table. Lady Malverton finds Rene in the
kitchen, where he tells her that he has taken the job of being
Kay's chef. Lady Malverton spreads the gossip. Lady and Tramp
have three spunky but well-mannered daughters, Annette, Danielle
and Colette, and a feisty and playful but rambunctious and
mischievous son, Scamp. Lady begins to fall in love with Tramp,
but she chooses to return home in order to watch over the baby.
Lady breaks free and rushes to the nursery, where Tramp
inadvertently knocks over the baby's crib before ultimately
killing the rat. Lady enjoys a happy life with the couple and two
local neighborhood dogs, Jock, a Scottish terrier, and Trusty, a
bloodhound. Lady flees in horror, only to be pursued by a pack of
stray dogs. Laida Magtalas is a modern-day Belle. Laida agrees
and they are married. Laida calls it a night. Laida gets an offer
from her aunt to work in Canada where she is being given a good
recommendation. Laida makes a truce and accepts his apology.
Laida remains blinded to the fact that the Miggy of her dreams is
very different from the real one. Laida revels working in such
close proximity with the man of her dreams. Laida took care of
Miggy, missing her own mother's birthday. Laida was promoted from
executive assistant to accounts executive, while Miggy has been
doing well as he is being mentored by his older brother Art
Montenegro. Laida witnesses this, and breaks up with Miggy.
Laida's father says it's her smile, and 'Laida's smile' is up to
her eyes. Laida's mother says its up to her to decide. Laida, now
disenchanted with Miggy was called in by her work. Lainey decides
that the two of them should just be friends and Jake agrees with
the codeword "mousetrap" to be used to deflate sexual tension
between them. Lainey eventually realizes that Jake is also a
virgin. Lainey goes to see him and tells him she will tell his
wife about them if he does not accept Jake's settlement. Lainey
moves to Michigan and Jake devotes himself to Paula. Lainey, who
has been having an off-and-on-again relationship with Matt the
entire time, learns that he is engaged. Lala is now in love with
both of the boys and can't decide which to choose. Lalit is
grateful to Tej for helping the family to start a new life after
the Partition of India left them penniless. Lalita Bakshi
(Aishwarya Rai) is a young woman living in Amritsar with her
doting father and helping him run the family farming enterprise;
her mother, who is determined to marry off her daughters to
respectable and wealthy men; and her three sisters, Jaya (Namrata
Shirodkar), Maya (Meghna Kothari), and Lakhi. Lally Joy, who
harbors a big crush on Gilly, displays her ugly dress to Nancy
and Julia, fretting embarrassment at the party. Lambert Hunkins
(Frank McHugh) works at a linoleum company. Lambert is too meek
to object. Lambert manages to knock Dimples out and steal a
linoleum truck to transport the artwork to the museum's
representatives. Lana asks Joel for $300 for her services. Lana
takes exception to something Joel says and leaves. Lana tells
Joel that the egg is with the rest of her stuff at Guido's. Lance
Clayton (Robin Williams) is a single father and high school
English teacher. Lance angrily confronts Harper and tells him to
stay away from him and his family. Lance drives the men to his
football practice, with Julian and Q starting a fight in the
backseat, but Harper intervenes before it degenerates further.
Lance heads to UCLA while Walter moves on to college in New
England. Lance is denounced by the students and faculty,
including Claire. Lance is in a non-committal relationship with a
younger teacher named Claire (Alexie Gilmore), who is spending
time with a fellow teacher named Mike (Henry Simmons), whose
writing class is more successful than Lance's. Lance is still
heated over the biography when Mia confronts him. Lance is the
baby's godfather, as he visits Harper and Robyn at their house in
New York City. Lance nevertheless feels reborn and dives naked
into the school's swimming pool. Lance starts a troublesome first
half. Landing in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Colin meets Stacey (Ivana
Miličević), Jeannie (January Jones), and Carol-Anne (Elisha
Cuthbert), three stunningly attractive women who fall for his
Basildon accent and invite him to stay at their home, where they
are joined by roommate Harriet (Shannon Elizabeth). Lane had
previously asked for it to be returned to the store and Stephanie
argues that it “technically” doesn’t belong to anyone at the
moment. Lanet falls for the spunky American and begins trying to
woo her. Laney explains how she fought off Dean's advances by
deafening him with an air horn. Laney is impressed by the
performance, but rejects him again after he attempts to charm
her. Laney leaves the prom with Dean, while Zack attempts to
intervene but loses track of them. Laney tells Zack that she is
considering art school after graduation, and Zack jokingly tells
her that she has inspired him to pursue a career in performance
art. Laney's attendance at Preston's party sparks jealousy in
Taylor, who then humiliates Laney, but Laney is consoled by Zack,
who has by now developed a true affection for her. Langdon sees
Ruby alone and flirts with her, convincing her to strip to her
bra and panties and join him in the pool. Lani calls her cousin,
Ernesto (Rob Schneider) to help find Masha with his helicopter.
Lanie - unconcerned with Jack's prophecy - interviews her idol,
famous media personality Deborah Connors (Stockard Channing).
Lanie Kerrigan (Angelina Jolie), a successful reporter for a
Seattle television station, interviews a self-proclaimed prophet,
Jack (Tony Shalhoub), to find out if he really can predict
football scores. Lanie implements Pete's advice; she moves in
with Pete for a day, and he introduces her to his son Tommy
(Jesse James Rutherford), who lives with his mother, and they
spend a whole day together with Tommy. Lanie is a beautiful black
woman who has a mother of Irish descent, and a father of African
descent, thus she has light skin and features, and has
experienced colorism because of it. Lanie realizes how petty the
opening questions are and shares a heartfelt moment with Deborah
live on air. Lanie sadly leaves for New York. Lansford decides to
try to charm Lorri while Christy makes a play for Buckley. Lara
Jean and Peter are the last ones to be picked up and on an
impulse, Peter kisses her. Lara Jean and Peter set up a list of
ground rules on how to act and behave around each other. Lara
Jean cannot find her hatbox at home. Lara Jean is a sixteen year
old Korean, half-Caucasian girl. Lara Jean is confused, but
realizes that he is referring to a letter she wrote him years ago
after he shows her his love letter he received in the mail. Lara
Jean keeps love letters to all the boys she's ever loved in a
teal hatbox given to her by her mother. Lara Jean recounts what
prompted her to write the letter: when she was in eighth grade,
she and Peter were together with a group of mutual friends in
John Ambrose McClaren's basement. Lara Jean, who once had a crush
on Josh, finds her feelings for him coming back after Margot
leaves and Josh admits during a conversation about crushes that
his first serious crush was Lara Jean. Lara Tyler (Alice Eve) is
one of the most famous film stars around, but all she wants to do
is marry her fiancé, writer James Arber (David Tennant). Lara
becomes a fantasy of his and a character in Pegeen's sexual role-
playing. Lara discovers all this, becomes upset and hides away.
Large-scale rescue operations are quickly organized by the Navy,
and it turns out to be Key himself who lowers himself on a rope
ladder from a vy Navy blimp to rescue the boy. Largely an
autobiographical tale, the novel revolves around Timothy "Dildo"
Dunphy, a ne'er-do-well from the city of Pawtucket, Rhode Island,
which borders Providence. Larrison succeeds in making Edith
forget Jim temporarily. Larry "Doc" Sportello, private
investigator and "pothead", receives a visit from his former
girlfriend Shasta Fay Hepworth, now having an affair with the
real-estate mogul Michael "Mickey" Wolfmann. Larry Abbot (Wilder)
and Vickie Pearle (Radner) are performers on radio's "Manhattan
Mystery Theater" who decide to get married. Larry Crowne (Tom
Hanks), a middle-aged Navy veteran, is fired from his job at a
big-box store due to a lack of college education, despite his
seniority and exemplary work. Larry Gigli (Ben Affleck) is a low-
ranking Los Angeles mob enforcer who isn't nearly as tough as he
likes to act. Larry Lipinsky is a young Jewish boy from Jewish
enclave Brownsville Brooklyn, New York, who has dreams of
stardom. Larry Stevens is about to be evicted by landlady Lillie
for not paying his rent. Larry and a photographer are in Marshall
Town when the train arrives. Larry chooses a castle-like mansion
in which he grew up as the site for their wedding. Larry collects
the money at the arranged dropoff point and later presents it to
Pacheco, who then cancels Diane's engagement to Lattimer. Larry
discovers that her motive is to save her stepfather, Areal
Pacheco (Henry Kolker), from being shot. Larry ends up hanging
out with an eccentric bunch of characters while waiting for his
big break. Larry escapes while jealous Jewel creates pandemonium
outside in her attempts to shoot him (and shoots out a number of
police cars in the process), leading to a police chase. Larry
goes inside to call a tow truck, and tells bartender Mike his
troubles. Larry has been plagued with on-air panic attacks and
speech impediments since proposing marriage. Larry has to drive
cross country to San Francisco to catch a ship to China, where he
will work with an eminent expert on a cure for a serious disease.
Larry hears on the radio that the famous doctor has found a cure,
so he no longer has a reason to go. Larry is eventually cornered
in a dark alley but the pink glow of "The Universal Joint" comes
on and he runs into the bar. Larry is given a big round of
applause by his classmates and an A-plus grade from Mercedes, who
is now happier in her life, and has rediscovered her passion for
teaching. Larry is in love with Julia and wants to help fulfill
her dream of performing in a show. Larry leaves the bar, walks
home (his car apparently towed) and discovers someone else living
in his house, which is now fixed up (previously his yard and
driveway were muddy and unfinished). Larry offers her a ride
home, which Mercedes reluctantly accepts. Larry rescues Diane and
leaves her in the care of his friend, Archie Lester (Claud
Allister). Larry soon discovers that Clip has a low-level job in
the accounting department and is quite insecure, as opposed to
the jokester he was before. Larry soon discovers that Mike has
transferred Larry into an alternative reality in which he had won
the pivotal high school game. Larry thanks Mike for everything
and, upon exiting the bar, suddenly realizes that the deal with
the Japanese investors is happening shortly. Larry thanks him for
the reassurance, but walks off wondering who Mike thinks he's
kidding. Larry tries to get rid of his passenger at every
opportunity, but she falls in love and uses every wile to stay
with him. Larry wants to use it to enter his horse Hector's Pal
in a big race. Larry's economics classmate Talia (Gugu Mbatha-
Raw) invites him to join a club of scooter riders led by her
boyfriend Dell Gordo (Wilmer Valderrama). Larry's friend Frank
(Ian Gomez), who runs the diner, offers him a job to help make
ends meet, as Larry had been a Navy cook. Larry's neighbor, Lamar
(Cedric the Entertainer), advises him to enroll in the local
community college and get an education. Larry's uncle, dr Paul
Abbot, decides that Larry needs to be cured. Larry, who blames
all of his life's problems on the fact that he struck out during
a key moment of his state high school baseball championship game
on his 15th birthday, wishes he had done things differently.
Larry, who had met her three years before on a USO show at his
Pacific base, makes it obvious that he is smitten with Rosalind,
and after kissing her on the set, showing up Ricardo, plans to
spirit her away on his aircraft. Larry, who is divorced and lives
alone, cannot find a job and could lose his house. Larsen loses
and leaves the cabin. Larsen tries to scare both out using his
shotgun but is overpowered by Jim, and the three agree to an
uneasy truce where they all can stay in the cabin. Larsen tries
to throw him out when Jim also stumbles inside. Larson tells Kate
how he really plans to take Sal's gold mine for the two of them
and passionately kisses her. Last twenty-four hours before the
marriage for the troubled, tempted, overwhelmed by events Arturo.
Lastly she tells Kimberly she has love and needs to show it more.
Lastly, it also references common-use bastardizations of voodoo
practices, such as "mojo" bags (or gris gris) and the use of
chickens or toads. Late one night, David's mother calls to be
rescued from a bar after going out on a date, having become
frightened when the man tried to kiss her goodnight. Late that
evening at home after the dance, Betsy Booth and the Hardy family
are gathered together around the Christmas tree when mrs Hardy
unexpectedly returns home—her mother is getting better. Lately he
has started obsessing about being able to find a perfect
mathematical "miracle" formula to perform the perfect survey, and
compete for real with his rival companies. Later (after a $1
admission peepshow of Sam's panties, which Sam finds out about
the next day), Ted and his equally unwelcome geeky friends, Cliff
(Darren Harris) and Bryce (John Cusack), go to the senior dance
after-party, hosted at Jake's house. Later Debi confronts Martin
in his hotel room, where he reveals that psychological testing in
the army showed he was suited to work as a hitman for the CIA;
after leaving the CIA, he went into business for himself. Later
Kralik is called into mr Matuschek's office—and is fired. Later
Pete tells Peggy that he loves her and confesses that he "mixed"
with three women as part of his cruise job. Later Sweetland tells
Minta that he is not going to finish the list of women because he
is so dejected. Later at Whit's house, Libby, Jake and Whit,
watch a television replay of the Whit/Dennis altercation, as the
replay shows that in fact Whit had deliberately tripped Dennis
and had fallen over because Dennis pulled him down as he was
falling. Later at a bar Eddie sees Paige serving and asks her to
take off her shirt, as on TV. Later at a party, Gwen Anderson
(Emily Stiles) dumps her boyfriend after he comes out to her.
Later at a pre-celebration at a bar, Carl neglects Dupree to be
with Molly. Later at the Spring Formal, Dylan shows up in her
mother's dress, where Lola and Hannah ambush her, pulling her
from Amy. Later at the coffee shop where Zack works, he realizes
that his boss threatened to install a hidden camera, which Zack
finds and decides to use to replace their lost film equipment.
Later at the party, the Sheriff attempts to make good with the
kids. Later at work, George tells Jane that he appreciates her
because she never says no. Later falls in love with a man named
Vanni Corso who is the publisher of the firm for which Alec
writes books, and she leaves Alec for Vanni. Later he drives Jill
to her apartment and realizes the neighborhood may not be all
that safe. Later he explains to Dimple that the bungalow actually
belongs to his father, who died shortly before, and encroached by
tenants but he gets taxedDimple convinces her father to help him
but his father tries to make profit out of it by buying the
property at less valuation. Later in the Games, Kate's partner
drops her during their program, costing them a chance at the gold
medal. Later in the day, presumably because of her deep feelings
for him, Jenny changes her mind and accepts what has happened as
inevitable. Later in the evening, Muriel runs into Rhonda
Epinstock (Rachel Griffiths), a fellow social outcast from her
high school days who is also more outgoing. Later in the film,
she is shown cooking ramen, crying. Later in the local mall, Rob
attempts to test a tip in the book; 'Simple Flattery'. Later in
the night Amy is informed that her "husband" is down at the
Rochester police station waiting for her. Later on Alain goes to
a park and he starts a series of will projects that he dictates
in a pocket tape recorder that he carries around, the first will
distributes his assets 50/50% to his wife and children, 98% of
his company shall go to his children and the remaining 2% to
Claire and some moneys that he has in a Swiss bank-account shall
go to the Fund for Cancer Research. Later on Gil suggests a movie
plot to Buñuel - that of Buñuel's own 1962 film The Exterminating
Angel - and leaves while Buñuel continues to question the plot
idea. Later on Mary is attending a dance lesson with another of
her clients. Later on in the week, a party made up of Beebe,
Eager, the Emersons, Miss Lavish, Miss Bartlett and Lucy
Honeychurch make their way to Fiesole, in carriages driven by
Italians. Later on, Amber Lee fires her assistant over something
petty and hires Sharpay, just to boss her around. Later on, Gus
slips in the bath tub due to his bad hip; Toula calls an
ambulance fro Gus. Later on, Karen discovers the necklace in
Harry's coat pocket and happily assumes it is a gift for her.
Later on, Kiko is seen bailing his carefree mother out of jail.
Later on, Nikko meets with and performs for a famous music
producer named mr Dickenson, who informs him that he has a shot
at getting a record deal if he can raise enough money for
equipment for his demo, which has to be excellent. Later on, Pepé
wanders into a wax museum finding the wildcat posing as a boa
around the neck of a wax sculpture of Marie Antoinette and he
himself poses as a coonskin cap on a sculpture of Daniel Boone.
Later on, Rodney runs by the gym, and upon hearing the music
inside, enters to see Izzy and the Joy Jumpers practicing. Later
on, Ryan visits Mike at the bar, who finally gets the
encouragement he needs from his big brother. Later on, Scat is
dismayed to see that Lucia loves Hot Lips and not him, but upon
peeking through a keyhole, he sees Hot Lips hypnotizing her.
Later on, Steve is arrested on suspicion of theft of a pair of
stolen sterling silver salt and pepper shakers, which a park bum
(Frank Mills) had given to him as a gift (after Steve gave him
his old tie). Later on, Zoila and her friends won't stop till
they make Laida happy. Later on, a man she introduces as her
cousin Yuri (Mathieu Kassovitz) and his friend Alexei (Vincent
Cassel) turn up to celebrate her birthday. Later on, back at the
beach Terry and Bobby share a sad goodbye. Later on, without Max
knowing it, Phileine also travels to New York. Later over lunch,
Mary tells David she will arrange a meeting for him with Phillip
who can help him with his political issue. Later shopping for
clothes, Melodie meets Randy in another planned encounter with
her and gets her to admit that her relationship with Boris is not
entirely satisfying. Later that day, Alan, despite being
discouraged by Jimmy, meets Mimi with plans of continuing their
affair. Later that day, Estelle drops by to visit the Pooles to
advise them that she believes in a few months they may at last
get their baby. Later that day, Karl tries to kiss Kathi, only to
learn that she is engaged. Later that day, everyone arrives at
Gustav's restaurant to try to resolve the issue. Later that day,
she visits him and he confronts her for leaving him at the altar,
rather than tell him the truth so they can cancel the wedding.
Later that day, the Millionaire meets the Tramp again while
intoxicated and invites him home for a lavish party. Later that
day, the author of the book is going to have a book reading, but
her boss comes back a week early, and gets into an argument with
Nick (which ends with Nick jumping on him, then Thea pulling them
apart). Later that evening at the Jumping Germans' camp, one of
the Germans asks Anna to share his tent for the night. Later that
evening, 'Fearless' comes back with a fistful of money, claiming
to have 'sold' the diamond mine to some guy at a bar for SEVEN
thousand. Later that evening, Auguste gives Danielle a copy of
Thomas More's Utopia. Later that evening, Erik realizes that he
loves Tracy, confesses to Brandi that he can't sleep with her,
and rushes back to see his girlfriend. Later that evening, Leo,
who had taken an interest in Marietta, asks her over for dinner.
Later that evening, Paige's aunt shows up at the room and
mistakes Fred for Rick, eventually seducing him. Later that
evening, after Cecil again rudely declines to play tennis, Lucy
sours on Cecil and immediately breaks off her engagement. Later
that evening, in a series of phone calls, Shepherd invites Wade
to the state dinner. Later that evening, mrs Peignoir arrives
home and drunkenly trips over Basil as he crouches on the floor
picking up her purse that she has dropped, ending up sitting on
him. Later that evening, the girls enlist Kate's help in seeking
revenge against John Tucker. Later that evening, they surprise
Brian in the middle of his karaoke number at the interfaith
center, which looks to be off to a successful start. Later that
night Nell (in Woody's body) is getting drunk at a party while
Woody (in Nell's body) is stuck at a slumber party listening to
all the gossip about Woody, and surrounded by nailpolish, pajamas
and slippers and gets a bikini wax. Later that night, Abby lets
Gidget know how annoyed she was about her making such an
entrance. Later that night, Duke is unable to fall asleep. Later
that night, Ina is able to break through Lincoln's wall,
convincing him to spend the night with her. Later that night,
Iris's brother, Graham (Jude Law), knocks at the door thinking
Iris is home. Later that night, Jimmy attempts to console her, as
does Meg. Later that night, Kralik goes to the hospital to visit
mr Matuschek. Later that night, Marni finds Joanna in the kitchen
binging on junk food. Later that night, Mary meets Justice
Peabody (Harry Davenport) at a restaurant to discuss her breakup
with Phillip, who is also there. Later that night, Mauricio is up
in the Attic thinking about the nights events when Roxanna shows
up. Later that night, Nikko goes to Courtney's house to apologize
and almost has a fistfight with Royce, who has come to ask
Courtney to get back together with him. Later that night, Orville
is visited and shamed by Aunt Lucy's spirit, but Orville refuses
to tell Jeff the truth. Later that night, Pete dreams that the
fiancee he left behind in America, Emmadel (Jane Wyman) has
visited. Later that night, a drunk Omar proposes to Tania, who
accepts on the condition that he raise money to get away. Later
that night, at the bar, she meets Max (Jake Lacy), who is there
with clients but who missed her set. Later that night, he gets
drunk and goes home, only he has forgotten that he no longer
lives at the Menford estate. Later that night, he retrieves the
clothes and drops the bag at Rodney's door, fleeing before the
latter sees him, but lingering at a safe distance to watch as he
takes the clothes inside. Later that night, he visits Andy to
apologize for how he acted, saying he also felt "left out" of
being part of seeing Opie become a father. Later that night, she
confronts him about his playboy behavior, but Emilio claims that
he has fallen for her. Later that night, the Kid returns to the
original Nellie Thursday home to meet with Moose Moran. Later
that same night Manuel, who had been out celebrating his
birthday, returns home drunk with his umbrella (a birthday gift
from Basil) outside Basil and Sybil's door and accidentally hits
Basil over the head with the umbrella. Later the leader, who
calls himself Curtis Caryle, is put off the yacht. Later the next
evening, Zack and Miri are at home tentatively about to discuss
their reactions to the scene, when suddenly their apartment's
electricity and water service return. Later they escape to Jim's
old childhood hideaway. Later they meet at a local skating rink
called Jammers. Later they sleep together. Later things go awry
when Halley finds Ashley drunk on the family's front porch. Later
when the four of them, along with Fran’s parents, are riding on
horseback through the estate, Mrs Donolly’s singing frightens
Mary's horse and it rushes off with a terrified Mary clinging on.
Later while walking down a street Pete and Ashcan notice Shadow
and Sassy walking down it too. Later, Akpors proceeds to date
Clara and succeeds in winning her affection. Later, Alison and
Ben decide to give their relationship a chance. Later, Andy and
Trish are married in a lavish ceremony with everyone in
attendance, with a sidelong mention of Andy's action figures
having sold for half a million dollars. Later, Andy takes Marla
to a sexual health clinic, where Marla reveals herself to be a
virgin. Later, Aunt Bam tells Shirley that she invited Madea to
come over and help her when she tells her children the news.
Later, Celeste, Jeffrey, and Lori win soap opera awards while
Montana is relegated to performing dinner theater at Jeffrey's
former venue. Later, David recovers his job and gets to show Max
what his work is about. Later, David walks in on Natalie serving
tea and biscuits to the president, and it appears that something
untoward is happening. Later, Debbie meets up with Jodi, who
confesses that she stole the money to buy Oxycontin. Later,
Dianne confesses to Scott that she is a gold digger, assuming
that he is one, too. Later, Dill calls Mary and Jeff finds out
they intend to see each other. Later, Doc believes that he sees
Mickey in the company of federal agents, and subsequently hears
of Mickey's scheme for a philanthropic housing project in the
desert. Later, Doc is visited by Hope Harlingen, the widow of a
musician named Coy Harlingen, who wants Doc to investigate
rumours that Coy is still alive. Later, Ellie suggests that they
remodel their house to enable Kay, Buckley, and the baby to move
in with them, but Stanley puts his foot down. Later, Elliot calls
Paula from the phone booth across the street from the apartment,
telling her that the flight was delayed, and at the last minute,
Elliot invites Paula to go with him while he is filming the
picture and suggests Lucy stay with a friend until they return.
Later, Evelyn cajoles Adam into undergoing plastic surgery to fix
his misshapen nose and succeeds in persuading him to cut himself
off from Phillip and Jenny, whose relationship she ruins. Later,
Frances comes over to Mercedes' apartment to provide emotional
support due to her divorcing Dean. Later, Fred proposes to her as
her train pulls away from the station. Later, Gerbino and his men
arrive at the mansion and imprison Lorenzo. Later, Gidget's
father Russ (Carl Reiner) announces that they are going to Hawaii
for a vacation. Later, Grant takes Julia to Tiffany & Co, where
they turn on the lights to reveal the salespeople ready to let
her pick whatever she wants. Later, Gump is waiting with his son
for the school bus to pick him up for his first day of school.
Later, Harold offers Sally a ride home; Buster has to sit in the
rumble seat, where he gets drenched in the rain. Later, Heather
practices her makeup techniques on Clea and they kiss. Later,
Henri goes undercover to search for Schindler, now working in the
black market. Later, Jack again locks horns with Pellet, the
owner of the dubious piece of real estate where the Chesters are
staying after the previous owner died. Later, Javier comes to the
hotel and finds Katey. Later, Jim and Connie, who have beautified
the apartment building with Jim's royalties, watch with amusement
as Eadie and Charley take their newly born twin daughters for a
walk. Later, Jim awakes to see a bright light illuminating from
his apartment's swimming pool--and discovers the angel knocked
unconscious after one of her wings was broken due to colliding
with a satellite. Later, Jim gets delirious, imagines the
Prospector as a giant chicken and attacks him. Later, Joan and
Tina bicker about how many college courses Casey should take,
Teddy and Casey's budding romance, Casey's sponsors, and Casey's
future in figure skating. Later, Joan's doctor tells Dan about
her condition and that the slightest excitement or shock could be
fatal. Later, Joel's father congratulates him; the interviewer
was very impressed and has indicated Joel will be accepted into
Princeton. Later, Johnny unexpectedly returns from Sicily after
his mother's "miraculous" recovery and goes to Loretta's house;
Rose explains that she's not there and then asks him why men
chase women. Later, Josh talks to Dylan, not knowing what to do
(and still forgetting about the scavenger hunt), so Dylan invites
him to a party at Asher's house. Later, Judge Stillwell and
Sheriff Bursom evict Stretch and his mother from the Dominy farm.
Later, Julianne is surprised by George showing up at the wedding
reception. Later, Kathy and Don kiss in front of a billboard for
their new film, Singin' in the Rain. Later, Keaton impresses
Leahy by playing a football game, whereas Beery is only a coach;
Beery decides to play opposite Keaton. Later, Leonid confronts
Joy with the fact that she has been helping Katrina meet Alek.
Later, Madea gathers everyone and they all join in singing old
songs. Later, Manuel and Dado argue over using the couch as a
side business at the dormitory when a news reporter stops to
interview them after they indirectly prevented a young man from
jumping off an apartment building during their journey. Later,
Michael returns to Toni's house, confessing that nothing happened
between him and Deborah and in the process confesses his feelings
for Toni and wonders if anything can ever happen between them.
Later, Michael waits for Julie outside the studio. Later, Miles,
Marylin and their lawyers meet to negotiate a divorce. Later,
Nicole and Willoughby are married, and ride Herbie through an
arch formed by his new Volkswagen Beetle friends. Later, Nina
comes home and tells Adam she is tired when he initiates sex.
Later, Nuria flirts with Jared, after she brazenly strips naked
to skinnydip in the family's lake as he watches. Later, Olive
texts Rhiannon, apologizing for lying to her. Later, Palmer
decides to spend time with Katherine so that Danny can spend more
time with the kids. Later, Patty sees the angel and Jim together
on television—Wings still under wraps—as he rescues her from
being exposed to the world by his buddies, who had kidnapped her.
Later, Paul sees his Julius entering Amelia's apartment, he
believes that his father is being unfaithful to his mother.
Later, Perry tries to console Billy, telling him that a few years
earlier Perry had similarly fallen for someone who did not return
his affections; Perry confesses that that man was Billy. Later,
Pete overhears Debbie talking about her pregnancy, and rides out
of the house on his bicycle in anger. Later, Pete, Lanie and
Tommy watch Cal's baseball game, while Lanie (in a voiceover)
says that one part of her has died — the part which didn't know
how to live a life. Later, Peter finds Christina's address in the
log at the store they bought their clothing in and tracks her
down. Later, Phil expresses remorse at hitting his wife and asked
her if the baby is his. Later, Pitka has dinner with Jane, gets
her to move in for a kiss, only to hear a ding on his chastity
belt. Later, Rene discovers that Kay is actually a movie star.
Later, Ricardo privately tells Frances' producer that Frances may
not be right for the part and that he had a younger actress in
mind. Later, Rip learns from Nickleby's son Hank (Mickey Kuhn)
that his father already has sold land where the main expansion
would take place to a company. Later, Rob meets with his friends,
Nathan and Marshall Lube, at school. Later, Ryan goes to see
Tenley where he confides about his rocky relationship with his
father & concerns about failing as a baseball player. Later,
Sally has Gary record her testimony and sees the letter she had
once written Gillian, and realizes he must have read it more
times than he had let on. Later, Sally tells Gary that he is
there because of her spell and the feelings they have for each
other are not real. Later, Sam accidentally discloses Gray's
orientation to her entire office, which, along with Sam's
encouragement, gives her impetus to move on to further self-
actualizing. Later, Scamp sees a pack of stray dogs harassing the
dogcatcher outside the yard and becomes intrigued. Later, Steve
promises to write songs for George's water ballet show on
condition he make Caroline the star. Later, Stu is shown with his
now wife house-sitting for Chuck and Cam who are now married as
well. Later, Tati meets Conrado on the street and offers to work
with him in his thesis. Later, Tess and Jack end up in bed
together. Later, Tiffany and Chucky have an argument because
Tiffany believed that Chucky wanted to marry her. Later, Tramp
shows Lady how he lives "footloose and collar-free", eventually
leading into a candlelit Italian dinner at Tony's. Later, Val
enters and tells Irving and Ivor to practice their number (Light
on Our Feet). Later, Willie enters Belle's nightclub dressing
room and tells her she is fired. Later, a riot breaks out on his
block. Later, a video is presented (recovered by Marni) from
their old high school time capsule. Later, after a date set up to
intentionally make Mick jealous, Pamela tells Scott that she's
still seeing him and is not interested in Scott as a boyfriend,
much to his disappointment. Later, an inspector from the
Department of Housing and Building informs the Scotts that the
exposed wiring in their building is a serious code violation, and
that if it is not fixed within fifteen days, the building will be
condemned. Later, an intoxicated Mike learns from Trip McNeely
(Jerry O'Connell in a cameo)—a graduate and former stud from his
high school—that in college, guys like them are "a dime a dozen".
Later, apparently on a spur of the moment, she lends Randy a copy
of Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass, which Randy starts to devour.
Later, as Dorothy, when he makes tentative advances, Julie—having
just ended her relationship with Ron per Dorothy's
advice—confesses that she has feelings about Dorothy which
confuse her, but is not emotionally ready to be in a romantic
relationship with a woman. Later, as a surprise, Kirk is seen
walking on the airport Tarmac with Molly where he takes Molly on
a trip in a small plane, with him as the pilot. Later, as she is
leaving work, Mary must drive David off the White House grounds
to prevent his arrest. Later, as she prepares to go alone to a
New Year's Eve party, Timmy expresses his concern that she is
going alone, and that when he gets married and moves away she
will be all alone. Later, as the film closes, Dwight sent a DVD
to Rock that reads, "Payback's a bitch". Later, at Alice's
birthday party, Robin has invited Tom, David, and Josh without
Alice's knowledge, only because she thought it would be funny.
Later, at Troy's after-match party at his house, Troy and
Gabriella are seen thinking about their future and wishing that
their last few months at East High would not end ("Right Here,
Right Now"). Later, at a party, the head of Don's studio,F.
Later, at a school picnic, Susan persuades Richard to enter a
series of novelty races (open to adult family members), where he
loses repeatedly to Tommy. Later, at a school talent show, she
sees Izzie has finally succeeded in winning Dylan over, and
watches as the two kiss. Later, at a tasting in a local winery,
they meet an attractive wine pourer named Stephanie, who is also
acquainted with Maya. Later, at a victory rally for Sheriff Fife,
when Barney learns that Andy opted out of the sheriff's race to
give Barney a better chance to win, he humbly asks the crowd to
vote for Andy as a write-in candidate because "That's exactly
what I'm gonna do". Later, at her apartment, Sharpay and Peyton
discuss their respective dreams and the various obstacles in
their way. Later, at school, the husband of one of his conquests
punches him in the face in front of his students. Later, at the
Royal Aloha hotel, the film cast and crew are entertained by
real-life orchestra leader Xavier Cugat and his orchestra. Later,
at the dance, Melodie impresses everyone with her new clothes and
hairstyle, and now the boys are willing to pay Andy. Later, at
the gym, Izzy is jumping rope as part of his training, and
confides to Felix, the gym's wise head coach, that he was still
upset about Rodney's attitude, and Felix replies that boxing
doesn't solve those kinds of problems. Later, at the steps of a
private plane, Simon passes Davis the Venus. Later, at the
switchboard, Mary receives a call from the President. Later, at
the wedding of O'Conner to Dorothy, Martin finds out that
O'Conner has been promoted to boatswain and now outranks him.
Later, during lunch with Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and
Kevin Smith), Silent Bob reveals that he was once in a
relationship similar to Holden's. Later, finding him drunk, Terri
and her roommate Denise (Dana Davis) take Jay elsewhere to sober
up. Later, he brazenly approaches the two women to invite them to
join him right away for the weekend in the city of Oviedo, in a
small plane he flies himself, for sight-seeing, fine eating and
drinking, and hopefully, love-making. Later, he gets a call from
Stephen King, his favorite author, who tells him that Sam sent
his story to King, who had it published in The Magazine of
Fantasy and Science Fiction. Later, he goes to Beth's grave and
sees a large hole in its place. Later, he is arrested in front of
the newsboys who taunted him earlier, and he is then jailed.
Later, he meets Shauna and Keisha at a restaurant when he orders
a pizza for dinner, and they present him a different offer: to
serve as a stand-in, so that they can practice with a fourth
player until they find someone to serve as a permanent
replacement. Later, he takes her into the film and they have a
great evening on the town within the film. Later, however, he
encounters Virginia, who invites him to supper. Later, in a New
York nightclub, Steve meets drunken lawyer Chester Klazenfrantz
(Donald Meek) and learns that Klazenfrantz has been hired to
change the charter of Victoria College, which has never
officially designated itself as all-female. Later, in a
waterfront cafe, he decides to prove his point by offering the
club's singer, Anni Pavlovitch (Joan Crawford), money and a
wardrobe to stay at an upper class resort hotel in the Alps for
two weeks and pose as his friend Anne Vivaldi, an aristocrat's
daughter. Later, in front of an appliance store window,
Beauregard, Gwenn and a small crowd, none of whom have TV sets
yet, watch the radio quiz show - just transferred to the new
medium of television - Masquerade for Money, whose sponsor is
Milady Soap. Later, in front of their parents, Molly ends the
engagement, saying she can't do this anymore. Later, in music
class, stodgy Professor Hendricks (Francis Pierlot) attempts to
discredit Steve, whose presence on campus has created a furor
among the co-eds, by ordering him to write his own version of the
Scottish ballad Loch Lomond and teach the next day's class.
Later, in order to convince Vivian that he is in Bermuda, Ted
persuades Regi to telephone Vivian while posing as a Bermuda
telephone operator. Later, in the hospital, Jim's brain tumor
gets worse and his situation appears grim. Later, it is revealed
that her father has died and Brett realizes she must finally deal
with her problems without his support. Later, knowing her royal
responsibilities must resume, the princess bids a tearful
farewell to Joe and returns to the embassy. Later, mr Matuschek
meets with a private investigator who informs him that his
suspicions were correct, that his wife is having an affair with
one of his employees—Ferencz Vadas. Later, on a boat home,
Orville sneaks into the powder room for a cigarette. Later,
realizing things have gone far beyond what he had intended, David
checks out and drives off in the car. Later, she apologizes to a
furious Henri, and by the time they return to Heidelberg, they
have fallen in love. Later, she falls and Giulio loses the
telegram going to help her. Later, she meets an elderly neighbour
named Arthur Abbott (Eli Wallach), standing lost at the corner,
and she escorts him home. Later, she says the idea wasn't well
received. Later, she takes his advice. Later, she waits for Peter
outside the locker room. Later, she yells at a student, Joseph
(Ryan Lee), who has been taunting Sadie. Later, the Boy uses
signal flags from his ship to ask with the Girl on her father's
yacht, "Will you. Later, the Byrnes family realizes Jinx is
missing and Greg, in a last-ditch effort to win Jack over, goes
to an animal shelter, finds a feral cat who looks almost exactly
like Jinx, except for a white tip on the tail (whereas Jinx has
an all-black tail), puts Jinx's collar on him and spray-paints
his tail to make the cat look just like Jinx. Later, the Zetas
are reviewing the girls who are hoping to pledge to Zeta, but
their new popularity has made them conceited. Later, the couple
return to New Orleans to celebrate, and together the two open
their new restaurant. Later, the groomsmen play football with Ed
and his college football friends, including Joe Namath, John
Riggins, and Ed "Too Tall" Jones. Later, the stroller that Stan
ordered arrives and Zoe figures out that Stan was never planning
to leave. Later, the two meet up at the gym, and Rodney maintains
his merciless attitude before and during the match. Later, the
two meet with their solicitor to discuss how to handle medical
crises (last wishes). Later, they celebrate at the hotel's after
party. Later, they discover a marriage ceremony performed at the
beach; Dodge and Penny kiss and join the ceremony. Later, they
lose a rough game of football against a bitter rival fraternity
composed almost entirely of midgets, and end up in a brawl with
those same midgets on several occasions. Later, von Haugk presses
the new monarch about the marriage. Later, waiting for their
cars, Ed and Alice talk. Later, when Andy and Barney take Helen
and Thelma Lou out to dinner at Butler's Inn, Andy notices some
old pictures of the restaurant when it was still oriental. Later,
when Augie becomes drowsy, Estelle drives him to a motel and
checks him into a room to let him sleep off the pill's effect.
Later, when Lester is having dinner at Ramona's house, Ramona
reveals her sexual past, which proves that she couldn't be the
character that Dashiell had described earlier. Later, when Palmer
and Eddie return from their dinner date, Palmer suggests that she
and Danny get married now, since a drunken Eddie told her about
Danny's plans of engagement. Later, when Veronica invites Jimmy
to accompany her back to Hungary, Jimmy misinterprets her
intentions and believes she wants him to share the throne with
her. Later, when dressing for dinner, Christina shares with Matt
her support for Joanna, even if it should mean having to fight
her husband. Later, when her roommates come to pay bail, Alec
apologizes, saying that he didn't know her last name and that
this was the only way he thought he could see her again. Later,
when she and her fiancé are about to move to Los Angeles, Nikki
asks Richard to come to her apartment later to say a "proper
goodbye". Later, when telling the story of how they met, they
mention in unison that they found each other at a dog park.
Later, when the newly married couple returns home, Sherry goes
home with a friend's date, Theresa German (Gail Patrick) and
doesn't return that night. Later, while crossing a railroad
trestle, the cats narrowly avoid an oncoming train, but Marie
falls into a river and is saved by O'Malley, who in turn has to
be rescued himself by two English geese, Amelia and Abigail
Gabble, who accompany the cats to Paris. Later, while drying off,
they begin dancing to Françoise Hardy in their underwear. Later,
while engaged in foreplay, Muriel and her companion break a
window. Later, while sitting in a Starbucks after his shift as
Santa, Benjamin and his friend Jamal (Faizon Love) see Nancy go
into a dry cleaners. Later,C. Later,Evan goes to Nicky's house to
break up with her,only to find that she was going to do the same,
and has been seeing another man. Later,J. Later. Latin festival
at 5 PM. Lattimer is extremely wealthy and willing to make up the
shortfall in exchange for Diane. Lattimer refuses at first, but
soon caves in to the outrage. Laura Partridge (Judy Holliday), a
minority stockholder with just ten shares of stock, drives its
arrogant, self-serving executives to distraction with her
incessant questioning during this and subsequent meetings. Laura
and Frank go to a dinner where they hope to reconcile. Laura
finds the present disgusting and leaves without making up with
him. Laura reconnects with Frank. Laura takes her advice to
heart. Laura tells Amelia that she believes that she and Andrew
are going to make itThe two leave to go to the ceremony hand in
hand. Laura then goes to her chiropractor, named Matt (Lee Pace)
where she dresses up in revealing underwear and tries to seduce
him, who at first refuses her advances, but eventually gives into
them. Laure, a blonde who was introduced to him by his friend
Jacques (Richard Berry), told Etienne on January 1 that she will
not have sex with him until May 27 that year at precisely 9pm.
Laurel, however, is not who she pretends to be. Lauren King
(Diane Lane) is a book-smart 13-year-old American girl with an IQ
of 167 living in Paris with her affluent family. Lauren and
Daniel meet Julius Santorin (Laurence Olivier), a quirky but
kindly gentleman, literally by accident. Lauren apologizes to
Nick for thinking he was sleeping with Darla, but he interrupts
that he's met Brad and knows that SHE was trying to have an
affair on HER husband with him, leaving Lauren in shock. Lauren
approaches Nick and says that he was right - she had trust
issues. Lauren avoids Nick's calls, trying to sort out her own
trust issues. Lauren finally tells her that Brad is an adulterer.
Lauren goes to the fire station, where she finds only Jay - Rick
is in Tahiti on Jay's honeymoon, and Nick will be finishing up
after a fire for hours yet. Lauren loses her temper, accusing
Darla of hurting everyone who cares about her and Darla leaves
angry. Lauren murmurs to Nick that he is cute and she knows she
shouldn't like him before passing out; Nick stays so that Lauren
is not left alone. Lauren refuses, but acknowledges to herself
that she misses the challenges and joys of her job. Lauren says
she doesn't date clients, so Nick says fine-then he is out of the
wedding, and kisses her on the way out while she reels from this
new bombshell. Lauren says this can't wait, and Jay gives her a
ride with sirens wailing and lights flashing to the site. Lauren
then reveals that she will be moving back to the United States
permanently in two weeks. Lauren visits the office and G begs her
to come back. Lauren wants everything perfect, despite her
dislike of Darla, her own hurt feelings, and her resurfaced
issues of trust. Lauren's main relief is the humour and
camaraderie of Marc (Barry Julien), Darla's long-suffering,
overtly gay aide. Lauren's self-absorbed mother (Sally
Kellerman), who consorts openly with her movie director boyfriend
George in front of Lauren and her stepfather (Arthur Hill),
fiercely objects to the romance, calling Daniel a "filthy French
boy". Lauren's sister Lily is staying over, but is not in when
they get there. Laurence sees Martha running off in the distance
but is unable to catch her. Laurie rides shotgun with Bob as Toad
starts the race. Lavish gifts arrive for Pert to wear to the next
date. Lawford dances while singing a song, a performance that was
particularly well received by both critics and public, outshining
future fellow Rat Pack member Sinatra. Lawrence "Larry the
Liquidator" Garfield (Danny DeVito) is a successful corporate
raider who has become rich buying up companies and selling off
their assets. Lawrence "Rip" Smith (James Stewart) is a former
basketball player and ex-military who now runs a company that
perform polls and consumer surveys. Lawrence fakes a visit to the
emergency room to see Janet again and the two reconcile for a
second date. Lawrence goes to the hospital for a follow-up, where
another doctor tells him Janet had been his student. Lawrence has
to figure out a way to get about without being able to operate
his car; Chuck is without a place to sleep and a job so Vanessa
sets things up for what he characterizes as a "win/win"
situation. Lawrence loves Ellie, and she outwardly reciprocates
while masking her doubts about their relationship. Lawrence
suffers a trauma-induced seizure after falling from the top of a
fence in an attempt to retrieve his briefcase from inside his
impounded car. Lawrence, a teaching assistant, and Ellie have
been together for about a year. Laxman Pandey (Atul Kulkarni), a
right-wing political party activist, joins the cast later,
despite initially being unpopular due to his anti-Western
ideology, due to which he is often at odds with the other four,
and anti-Muslim beliefs and contempt for Aslam Khan. Layla allows
herself to be kidnapped and it is clear she is romantically
attracted to Billy from the start, but Billy all the while is
compelled to deal with his own demons, his loneliness and his
depression. Le Cocq, having overheard that Darren cannot play
with his mother in the audience, gets Darren's mother to sing the
national anthem, causing Darren to run out of the game. LeBlanc
persuades O'Hara to return to the Baron and work as a spy.
Leahy's mother, unimpressed with Keaton's bank account but
interested in Beery's, decides on Beery as a match for her
daughter. Learning from him that he has met someone, she accuses
him of having had an affair during their marriage. Learning of
the "scandal", Willie's widowed mother, mrs Hammond, "old maid"
Aunt Harriet, younger sister Patricia as well as family
dressmaker Camille, all return from New York, along with Alvin
Bailey and Alvin's physical trainer and sidekick, the big "dumb"
Champ. Learning that Irma is pregnant, Nestor escapes from
prison, with Moustache's help, and returns to Irma. Learning that
Judy is similarly unhappy in her marriage, she confides to her,
and Judy, who sees her younger self in Vicky, decides to bring
Juan Antonio and Vicky together. Learning that Tommy is coming to
arrest Richard on trumped-up charges, Matt forestalls him by
telling police at the airport that Tommy is a mental patient with
delusions of being an ADA. Learning the children are orphans, Mia
has a vendor give them all tiaras and lets them walk with her in
the parade. Leaving Celine locked in the trunk, Naville and
Mayhew drive Robert and the two angels' bodies to the cabin,
planning to fake a murder-suicide. Leaving a party, he takes his
lawyer's Lotus Esprit luxury car, and encounters a prostitute,
Vivian Ward. Leaving the Morgans without any form of security,
the Wheelers leave for the rodeo. Leaving the resort, she comes
across Vinny waiting near the exit with his luggage in tow.
Leaving the safe after being ordered out, she tells Raymond not
to give up hope. Leaving the theater, Sharpay is threatened by
Roger that if she doesn't drop out, there will be serious
consequences. Lebrand wants him to direct another lucrative
comedy instead, but the idealistic Sullivan refuses to give in.
Lee Joyce tells her lover, Howard LeMoyne, that she is actually
in love with another man, Kendall James. Lee bribes the retreat
owner with a car to convince Eddie to come. Lee decides that his
best chance to promote the film is to reunite the couple. Lee
does not want Irving and Ivan in the show, After learning this,
Val leaves in a huff. Lee finally ends the affair during the
second Thanksgiving, explaining that she is finished waiting for
him to commit and that she has started dating someone else. Lee
has lived for five years with a reclusive artist, Frederick (Max
von Sydow), who is much older. Lee starts a fire in his
wastebasket as a distraction, and the pair flees. Lee then
arrives and chastises his brother, Beauregard, for hanging out
with “the blacks”. Lee then smears some of her lipstick on his
cheek and convinces the boys that she kissed him. Lee's mother
has remarried, and does not want anything to do with her
daughter, whom she considers a lost cause. Left alone together,
Katrina gradually warms to Johann. Left behind at the school, Amy
switches Elizabeth's desk with her own to trick the janitor into
unlocking Elizabeth's sealed drawer. Left with no other choice,
Georgina declares that Pong is the president Chief Commercial
Officer out of panic. Left with no other choice, Viktor decides
to settle in at a closed off section of the terminal, Gate 67,
with only his luggage and a peanut can, soon making a home out of
it. Lefty, and his divorced parents George and Estelle. Leigh
calms Brent, then finds Rick alone in a bedroom and offers him a
one-time fling. Leighanne Littrell stars as the spunky Michelle
Malloy who feels life is perfect. Leilani-—Manulani's
daughter-—is not only the island's princess, but Amelia's sister,
a relationship which is tearfully but joyfully acknowledged by
both girls. Leila’s story is also complex. Lelaina and Troy then
sleep together and confess their love. Lelaina meets Michael
Grates when she throws a cigarette into his convertible, causing
him to crash into her car. Lelaina was valedictorian of her
university, and has aspirations to become a documentarian,
although initially having to settle for a position as production
assistant to a rude and obnoxious TV host. Lelaina's roommate
Vickie has a series of one-night stands and short relationships
with dozens of guys; her promiscuity leads her to confront a
very-real risk of contracting HIV after a former fling tests
positive for the virus. Lena (Alexis Bledel) finds her former
flame Kostas (Michael Rady) married in Greece. Lena brings Tibby
a requested pregnancy test kit, but Tibby gets her period before
she takes it. Lena has gone to mourn the death of Bapi in Greece,
but discovers her old boyfriend Kostas is married and his wife is
pregnant. Lena is overjoyed to see Barry, and they later have
sex. Lenny and his girlfriend then watch Bobby and Rafferty fly
into the sky on a motorbike, while the movie ends with Bobby
going on the escalator to Uptown. Leo and Gilda are now living
together. Leo finds himself in a quandary, and decides to confess
to Sally that he is the one who is seeing Brendan (Sally had
previously believed it was Leo's roommate Angie). Leo gets close
once more with Sally, and ends up kissing her. Leo has a
complicated personal history with some of the guests and hides in
his bedroom, feeling grumpy and old. Leo returns to discover
Otto, who at once acknowledges that he has spent the night with
Gilda. Leo therefore tells her ex-husband that their divorce must
be revoked. Leonardo da Vinci finds Danielle's slipper that she
lost when fleeing the castle. Leonardo da Vinci helps free
Danielle and makes her a pair of wings with her mother's dress
and slippers for the ball. Leonid has quietly taken over
administrative duties and signing sentences in Pochenko's name.
Leroy kills him in an act of vengeance, and flees with Samantha.
Les Anderson (Corey Haim) is a 16-year-old living in Southern
California who tries to get his driver's license and falls in
love with Mercedes Lane (Heather Graham). Les drives off with
Mercedes, without his license. Les finds her too cold. Les lies
to his parents and friends, convincing them that he has passed
the test. Les panics and goes to his best friend Dean's house,
where Dean (Corey Feldman) fixes the dent in the car's hood. Les
proposes marriage, insisting Michael/Dorothy "think about it"
before answering; he leaves immediately and returns home to find
co-star John, who almost forces himself on Dorothy until Jeff
walks in on them. Les' father tells Les that the BMW is all his
now, and laughingly tells him to take good care of it. Lesbia
wants a family, but not a husband who smokes and is as untidy as
the general. Leslie Lutrell openly shows his affection for him
but Lucky Fritz doesn't trust his magic skill. Leslie Steele
(Merle Oberon), a guest at a costume party, is forced to stay
overnight in a hotel because of a particularly bad London fog.
Leslie Wright (Queen Latifah) is a straight-shooting physical
therapist and die-hard basketball fan who is tired of being a
guy's best friend or as Morgan called her the "homegirl" type.
Leslie and Albert enjoy listening to Jimmy read fairy tale
stories to them on their roof. Leslie and Max overcome Von
Stuppe's henchmen and confront Von Stuppe. Leslie and Max return
the real Prince in time for his coronation and depart with Fate
and Maggie. Leslie and Scott decide to spend a romantic evening
together, but Leslie wakes up to Morgan at Scott's door hoping to
reconcile. Leslie encourages him and helps him get back in the
game, the two of them spending a lot of time together. Leslie is
the classic hero – always dressed in white, handsome, ever-
courteous, enormously talented and successful. Leslie proposes an
automobile race from New York to Paris and offers the Webber
Motor Car Company the opportunity to build an automobile to make
the journey. Leslie quickly moves out as Scott and Morgan
reunite. Leslie reveals "him"self and agrees to make the dress
for Michelle. Leslie stops his car just short of the finish line
under the Eiffel Tower to prove that he loves Maggie more than he
cares about winning the race. Leslie then confesses that she has
gone along with Logan's incorrect assumption as a means of seeing
how much he would be prepared to give up for her. Leslie uses
mules to pull his car to another refueling point, where Maggie
tricks Hezekiah into boarding a train and handcuffs him to a
seat, lying to Leslie that Hezekiah had quit and "wanted to go
back to New York". Leslie's nemesis, Fate, is the traditional
melodramatic villain – usually dressed in black, sporting a black
moustache and top hat, glowering at most everyone, maniacal evil
laugh, grandiose plans to thwart the hero, and dogged by failure.
Less than two weeks later, however, Jack and Sally are back
together and the couple meet Judy and Gabe for dinner like old
times. Lester Watts (Chris Pratt) works at a liquor store,
happily selling alcohol to minors while spending his spare money
on his porno collection. Lester and Ramona argue and break up.
Lester becomes slightly jealous. Lester begins to walk away, then
turns around, walks up to Dashiell and says "She's my
girlfriend", and punches him. Lester falls in love with Dodd, but
he is initially oblivious to her feelings. Lester had arranged to
meet Ramona after the session, but has forgotten about it, while
Dashiell and Lester become friends. Lester outstretches his hand,
asking Ramona to dance. Lester still continues with the group
therapy, even after the two sessions that he said was his last.
Lester teaches Dodd about the business of filmmaking and
eventually becomes his secretary. Lester then walks out of the
session, to find Ramona. Leticia (played by Elizabeth Peña), the
oldest and most conservative of the three, is a repressed high
school chemistry teacher who abandoned Catholicism to become a
born-again Christian. Leticia and Orlando elope, Maribel and Andy
break up and reunite, Martin marries Yolanda, and everyone
gathers for a family meal at Carmen's new restaurant. Levin and
Kitty marry and start their new life on his country estate. Levin
and Stiva pay a visit to Anna, who is occupying her empty days by
being a patroness to an orphaned English girl. Levin continues
working on his estate, a setting closely tied to his spiritual
thoughts and struggles. Levin feels dissatisfied at the amount of
time Kitty wants to spend with him and dwells on his inability to
be as productive as he was as a bachelor. Levin is a passionate,
restless, but shy aristocratic landowner who, unlike his Moscow
friends, chooses to live in the country on his large estate.
Levin is both horrified and profoundly moved by the sight of the
tiny, helpless baby. Levin is initially uneasy about the visit,
but Anna easily puts him under her spell. Levin is very agitated
by Dolly's talk about Kitty, and he begins to feel distant from
Dolly as he perceives her loving behaviour towards her children
as false. Levin resolves to forget Kitty and contemplates the
possibility of marriage to a peasant woman. Levin tries to
overcome his feelings, but eventually succumbs to them and makes
Veslovsky leave his house in an embarrassing scene. Levin,
crushed by Kitty's refusal, returns to his estate, abandoning any
hope of marriage. Lew Horner stops just short of killing Charley,
instead sending a couple of thugs to beat him and toss him into a
swimming pool. Lew also causes Frank's phone to call Claire
Phillips, Frank's true love from years ago. Lewis Skolnick and
the other nerds discover the conspiracy and work to save Booger's
wedding ceremony from being torpedoed. Lexie has been assigned to
find proof that Carter's war heroics are bogus. Lexie notices
that after a brawl, Dodge is missing and with most players
covered in mud, no one can tell who is who. Libby accepts and
this puts Dennis in a state of deep depression. Libby goes to the
hospital to find Dennis, but only finds Whit, who claims loudly
that his injuries are the result of Dennis deliberately tripping
him. Lieutenant Commander Charlie Madison (James Garner), United
States Naval Reserve, is a cynical and highly efficient adjutant
to Rear Admiral William Jessup (Melvyn Douglas) in London in
1944. Lieutenant Dan sustains major injuries and loses both his
legs. Lieutenant Eckhard (William Demarest) enters the scene and
demands that Ridgeway leave the case entirely to the police.
Lighting a candle, Dodge hears Sorry whining—Penny has returned,
upset that Dodge allowed her to leave; they embrace. Like Austin,
Sam had been accepted to Princeton, only to be duped by Fiona
into believing she was rejected, by having a fake rejection
letter made. Like Connie, Steve had gotten her pregnant and
abandoned her. Like Jack, she also focused on her career and
became a very wealthy corporate lawyer. Like Max, Christie finds
the house wine unpalatable but is impressed by Max's casual
offering of the boutique Le Coin Perdu ("the lost corner")
vintage, noting some intriguing characteristics. Like
Ratzkywatzky [. Like Romeo and Juliet, next door neighbours David
Conway and Carol Harrison are deeply in love with each other
though their fathers have been feuding for a lifetime. Like all
the other girls, Norton is picked in order to help boost Banks's
image. Likewise there is a Marissa Meyer novel Cinder, which is
set in a futuristic Beijing. Likewise, Steve plans to quit his
songwriting career, even though New York producer George Adams
(Basil Rathbone) has already hired him to write new songs for a
water ballet show. Lili advises him to let them do so and
suggests that they fly together to New York and on to Paris. Lili
returns in time to hear Sylvia and there is a brawl in which Lili
gets a black eye. Lilian 'Lil' Andrews (Harlow) is a young woman
who will do anything to improve herself. Lilly becomes enraged
with Jason for not telling her if he likes her and angrily
leaves. Lilly develops as a writer and authors the story of the
family, under whose noses an elaborate plot is being hatched by
the radicals to blow up the opera house, using Freud and the
family as hostages, which Freud and Win barely manage to stop.
Lilly encourages her to go, and Mia sneaks out. Lilly initially
refuses to join the choir as she is both put off by Darrin's
romantic advances and because she doesn't want to put up with the
townpeople's criticism of her, but with some assurance from
Darrin, she ultimately relents and becomes the new lead singer of
the choir, causing Paulina to quit in retaliation. Lilly is
unable to cope with the pressure of her career and her own self-
criticism and commits suicide. Lilly scolds Paulina for insulting
Sally's will and wishes, which gave Darrin the choir. Lilly
starts to trust Darrin and develops romantic feelings for him as
well. Lilly, at first happy, gets mixed messages about Jason's
personal feelings for her. Lilly, furious and heartbroken about
this, tells Darrin that she doesn't care what he does; she was
only using him because he was using her, and the people whom he
promised money to begin to panic. Lily (Loren Horsley), a shy,
wistful girl, is a songwriter when no one is listening. Lily and
the girl continue up the hill where the girl says that "That's
where my Uncle Gordon died", revealing that Gordon did not die
saving a child from a fire as Jarrod had said, but by committing
suicide. Lily and the girl walk with Jonah around town coming to
a hill. Lily asks her brother Damon, and he agrees to drive
Jarrod and Lily to Jarrod's home. Lily is visibly upset but tries
to hide it. Lily meets with Mason—Jarrod's best friend and
computer geek—to find out that Eric will return from Samoa the
next day. Lily now considers Jarrod her boyfriend and hangs out
around his shop. Lily retrieves it from the rubbish. Lily tells
Lauren that their mom wants to see Lauren for brunch. Lily tells
a silly joke and the whole group gets along very well. Lily tells
him she is leaving for home on the following day—but that could
change. Lily, annoyed by this, leaves the house and takes her
sleeping bag from the tent, choosing to sleep over on the other
side of the yard instead, stubbornly refusing Jarrod's offer to
use it. Lina and Cathy end up spending several hours together
getting acquainted, and find themselves fascinated by each
other's work — Lina's archeology and Cathy's photography. Lina
assures Cathy that she does not intend to take Michael away from
her, which seems to calm Cathy somewhat. Lina finds her fears are
outweighed by her feelings for the Americans, and returns to
reunite with them, only to discover they have already gone. Lina
flees. Lina is convinced they are in love, despite Don's
protestations otherwise. Lina moves in with them, and they
continue enjoying the island paradise as a threesome. Lina
threatens to sueF. Lincoln contacts his friend Chris Bartlett,
hoping he will be able to romance Ina. Lincoln remains loyal to
his fiancée, though, and soon grows irritated by Ina's attempts
to impress him. Lincoln, however, is engaged to Agnes Oglethorpe
Young, the beautiful young daughter of his mentor dr Carleton
Radwin Young. Lincoln, who is replacing dr Young that night,
suspects that Ina is faking. Linda Howard discovers that her
husband is having an affair and takes their young adult daughter
Janet away to start a new life. Linda becomes a successful
fashion designer but begins to re-examine her own life choices
when Janet forsakes her successful-but-bland doctor boyfriend for
a faster, more loose set of companions. Linda is averse to the
idea because of his leaving her three years earlier, but agrees
to hire him if he will keep their relationship on a strictly
professional level. Linda wants Carey to write a simple story
about the young couple, but he insists on looking for an angle,
which presents itself in the form of Jeanne's younger sister
Barbara (nicknamed "Boo"), who confesses she always has been in
love with Bud, the brother of Jeanne's former beau Jim, who was
dumped by Jeanne when he joined the Army. Lindsey again rejects
him. Lindsey attends the party to talk to Wesley, and Walter
forces her to stay. Lindsey regains custody of Ariel. Lindsey
returns to find her car towed and argues with the two men.
Lindsey rushes to pick up her check from work and ends up parking
in Wesley’s reserved spot, leaving her six-year-old daughter,
Ariel (Jordenn Thompson), in the car. Lindsey takes Ariel to
school, while Wesley has a meeting with his coworker and best
friend, John (Eddie Cibrian), over acquiring a company Wesley's
father has been competing against for years. Lint Harper (Raymond
Keane), Gilly's roommate, becomes interested when Gilly tells him
what happened with Ann. Linzer, however, has second thoughts
about allowing Sergio to pay for the crime, so he confesses he
did it, while his wife insists she set the blaze to prevent her
husband from being imprisoned. Lionel Witherspoon, an African
American security guard who protected Vladimir from his Russian
handlers during the defection, takes him home to Harlem to live
with Lionel's mother, unemployed father, sister, and
grandfather-a living arrangement noticeably similar to Vladimir's
family back in Moscow. Lionel and Paulette, it becomes clear,
have been using each other: Lionel using her sexually, Paulette
using him as a means of entry to the higher spheres of the New
York social and art scene. Lionel decides to return to Alabama to
be close to his minor son. Lionel is still infatuated with her,
but Paulette wants only his tutelage, which makes things
difficult since they live in the same studio-loft. Lionel moves
back from Alabama and takes over Vladimir's job driving a
limousine. Lionel pours his anxiety and repressed passion into
his work. Lionel realizes that he needs the emotional turmoil of
his destructive relationships in order to fuel his art. Lionel,
who has figured out that Marisa is the woman Chris has been
looking for, tells her to go to the dinner and end the affair
swiftly if she wants to keep her possible future in hotel
management. Lisa Kelly manages an isolated BDSM resort called The
Club that offers its high-end clients an exclusive setting in
which they can experience the life of a Master or Mistress. Lisa
asks him to come to their house that night, leading Tom to think
that she has invited him to the party; in reality, she just wants
him to fill in for her - he reluctantly agrees. Lisa eventually
breaks up with Darryl after he announces their engagement
(without Lisa having given her consent) to their families, and
starts dating Akeem. Lisa returns home after finding out that her
boyfriend Hans is cheating on her. Lisa thanks the marriage
counselor and decides to stay with her husband. Lisa walks in on
them and is disgusted by the situation. Listening enlivens
Mickler's relationship with his own wife, Marilyn (Faye Dunaway).
Listening to the CD, Henry becomes emotional and curses Marlin
for giving him the CD and causing him to miss Lucy. Listening to
the words of the wedding ceremony encourages Tess to attempt a
reconciliation with Sam. Little Athens follows a whirlwind day in
the hapless lives of small town youth caught in a dead-end post-
high school void. Little do they know Eva has already been
offered a new job in Chicago. Little does she know her plans to
construct affordable housing are driving Dick's organization into
financial trouble. Little does she know that Vincent has been
tipped off to the ruse. Liv has learned to be more sensitive and
expressive, which gives her a sense of relief to finally have the
luxury of being able to let go and be less controlling. Liv's
wedding resumes with Emma participating and dancing with Nate,
Liv's brother and a well known magazine journalist. Living in a
small town, his only claim to popularity is playing on the
Beavers; his school's basketball team (which is very
unsuccessful) and fawning after his crush Pamela Wells, who is
dating his rival Mick. Liz and Shaun have moved in together, and
Shaun keeps the zombified Ed tethered in the garden shed so they
can play video games together. Liz and her mother are revealed to
be gold-digging frauds, just like Charlie, but as they make their
getaway with Vivian on a plane, Herb and Charlie call out to all
to come back. Liz came on board on the ship with his daughter and
her newlywed husband to help her start dating again. Liz grows
dissatisfied in her covert relationship with Gerald, who has been
hiding her from his family, and decides to leave him. Lizzie and
Gordo sneak away from the party to go up to the roof. Lizzie
begins to fall in love with Paolo, to Gordo's dismay. Lizzie
continues to fake being ill to prepare for the concert, but Kate
quickly figures out her secret. Lizzie is shocked when Kate says
that Gordo sacrificed himself to protect her. Lizzie refuses to
believe them at first, but Isabella insists that Gordo can be
trusted and Paolo is using her. Lloyd escorts Diane, who is
afraid of flying, on her flight. Lloyd gives him a letter from
Diane saying she cannot forgive him, but she arrives to say
goodbye and they embrace. Lloyd is reluctant to help him out,
aware of everything that could go wrong, so Danny secretly uses
the machine at night. Lloyd lives with his sister Constance, a
single mother, and has no plans for his future. Lloyd visits him
in a federal penitentiary and tells him he will go with Diane to
England; he reacts with anger. Lloyd's musician friend Corey, who
has never gotten over her cheating ex-boyfriend, Joe, warns him
to take care of Diane. Lloyd, out of his element, adapts quickly
to the easy-going Caribbean lifestyle and partners up with
Sophia, a local constable, to try and capture Max at last when he
steals the diamond, which Max visits and later gives in to the
temptation to steal. Lo and behold, Dan's Marie is Mitch's Annie.
Loathing Charlie from the outset, Viola becomes even more
distraught when Kevin proposes to Charlie. Loco and Pola are
reunited with Schatze just before her wedding toD. Logan accepts
the brief, but then discovers to his horror that Lady Rockburn
was a guest at the Royal Parks Hotel ball the previous night, and
a cornerstone of the case is alleged impropriety after a maid
observed a man leaving her room that morning. Logan admits him to
the flat where Leslie is sitting, throwing himself on Lord
Rockburn's mercy by confessing that he loves her and is prepared
to face the consequences. Logan agrees to continue trying to
protect Chelsea while Kelly and him continue her investigation
into the paintings. Logan arrives and interrupts Brock's escape,
Logan and Brock fight, with Brock eventually falling to his
death. Logan finds Kelly and Chelsea, grabs the painting and the
three escape from the burning gallery, where Chelsea tearfully
reveals the signature "To Chelsea" on the back of the painting.
Logan reluctantly teams up with Kelly, which is also encouraged
by Logan's daughter who thinks the two make a good couple.
Logan's career as an Assistant District Attorney is finished.
Logan's daughter from his ex-wife, Jennifer (Jennifer Dundas), is
there and does not take kindly to her which leads her to worsen
Logan's ex-wife's view on what is actually happening when she
comes to take their daughter to her home and finds Chelsea in
Logan's apartment. Logan, having realized that Cavanaugh was not
who he thought he was, races to the gallery. Logan, however,
decides to stay with Kelly, and the two set up an office
together. Lois Ames (Kay Francis) is the editor of 400 Magazine,
whose wealthy husband, Fred (Kenneth Thomson), pays her little
attention. Lois arrives and faints when she sees Johnny with Amy
and the twins. Lois finds out when she discovers a key to Anna's
room in Fred's vest pocket, which she puts on Fred's pillow;
nothing is said between them, but Fred now knows that Lois knows
about his infidelity. Lois herself begins dating the relatively
younger Donald (Michael Nouri), who does not turn out to be the
eligible bachelor he seems. Lois tells everyone about the
divorce, Ruth breaks her engagement with Tom and threatens to
marry Andy in revenge, and Tom asks Lois to marry him. Lois tries
to smooth things over with Fred, but instead they agree on an
amicable divorce. Lola is a Spanish flamenco instructor with a
seductive smile, a sultry voice and a carpe-diem attitude. Lola
kicks Max out after he breaks his promise to spend their first
sunset on her new deck she had been working on and after she
finds out he lied about writing his vows to her. Lola wants
Hlynur to get out of the house and find himself something to do
because she recognizes from the start that that's what he needs
most, but Hlynur prefers to pass the time in a true slacker
fashion with plenty of excess and not an iota of effort. London
jazz pianist and aspiring composer Rupert Street (Dudley Moore)
is looking to have a 30th birthday to remember, marriage on the
big day, but lacks a bride, and in the six weeks that remain, he
has set himself the no less formidable additional target of
writing a musical, all through fear of reaching that grand age
having achieved nothing in life. London-based Ferris, now a
military attache assigned to looking after military "brass",
especially General Parker (Carroll O'Connor) has been neglectful
of his wife. Longtime guardian Jonathan Connors (Edgar Buchanan)
protects his ward's privacy zealously. Lonnie brings Dean to the
cabana to apologize for his behavior, having convinced him that
the quartet are mafia members from the East Coast called “The
Flatbush Four. Looking at the pure joy in the audience's faces,
Sullivan realizes that comedy can do more good for the poor than
his proposed social drama, O Brother, Where Art Thou. Looking
inside for something to identify its owner, Mae reads a letter in
which Kitty's current boyfriend apologizes for not mentioning
that he is married (but wants to keep on seeing her). Loostgarten
then telephones Hawk to confirm the demolition, waking Hawk from
several nightmares showing himself at the mercy of Herbie;
whereupon Hawk gives confirmation, but realizes too that he has
ordered demolition of his own residence and attacks Loostgarten
after a portion of his house is collapsed from a wrecking ball.
Lord Caversham informs his son that Sir Robert has denounced the
Argentine canal scheme before the House. Lord Goring declines,
accusing her of defiling love by reducing courtship to a vulgar
transaction and ruining the Chilterns' marriage. Lord Goring
proposes to and is accepted by Mabel. Lord Percival Graves (John
Hurt), Prime Minister Geoffrey Hale (James Villiers), and
Willingham meet to discuss Ralph's selection as King. Lord Shayne
has proposed to her in every capital in Europe and now, home in
London, he tells her that he accepts the fact that her love for
Carl has never died. Lord Standish immediately assumes that he is
fooling around with his wife and insults him so that he must
fight a duel "according to the code" in order to uphold his
honor. Lord Varney is approached by his friend who laughs at his
shyness. Lord Varney, hearing that Kitty was visiting Lady
Standish, comes to call on Kitty at Lord Standish's house. Lord
Varney, however, is in love with Kitty himself but is extremely
bashful and shy. Lord Wessex suspects an affair between
Shakespeare and his bride-to-be. Lorena bears a resemblance to
the real beauty contestant and takes her place. Lorena is still a
lawyer working pro-bono but puts her time off to good use and
becomes the self-proclaimed "Queen of Tango". Lorenzo is a young
man in town who is exceptionally good at gambling and is charmed
by her beauty. Lorenzo realises that she is in fact the nun he's
in love with and they hold their wedding that very day, together
with all of their friends. Lorenzo was being chased by Gerbino
after he bested him at a gamble table, then took refuge in a
Convent by posing as a "deaf & dumb" gardener. Loretta and Ronny
(wearing a tuxedo) meet at Lincoln Center, and each is impressed
with the other's appearance. Loretta even takes over the
bachelorette party duties, even though Lauren is the maid of
honor. Loretta insists that they discuss the matter upstairs in
his apartment, where she cooks for him and then tells him that
she believes he is a "wolf" who cut off his own hand to escape
the trap of a bad relationship. Loretta is deeply moved by her
first opera, Puccini's La bohème. Loretta is unable to find
Michael and looks for him in Candace's room. Loretta returns home
and informs her parents of the engagement. Loretta sees the
messages on her phone and rushes to bail them out. Loretta takes
the ladies out to dinner, and after plans to take Candace to see
Dionne Warwick. Loretta then goes to Raymond and Rita's store to
close out the cash register, after which she impulsively goes to
the hair salon and buys a glamorous evening gown. Loretta then
intends to return home alone, but Ronny leads her back to his
apartment where he passionately and desperately persuades her
into another tryst. Loretta, momentarily offended by his breaking
the engagement, chastises Johnny for breaking his promise and
throws the engagement ring at him. Loretta, recognizing her
mistakes, makes the first move and finally apologizes; the three
reconcile. Lori is shocked by the revelation, but in character,
Celeste immediately plays along, offering her own brain for the
operation. Loring is in fact an attractive woman named Jo (Hedy
Lamarr). Loring. Lorne is a physics buff who actually, and
casually, talks to God. Losing another man she loves to the war
devastates Emily. Losing three girlfriends to their ex-boyfriends
has made Eliot defensive at the proposition of being abandoned
(yet again) and having his heart broken. Lots and lots of
straights. Lou calmly combs the dead woman's long hair to hide
the fact Rita is dead while the police search the room for Chick
Clark. Lou calms him down by promising that she will go with him
when she finishes her next number. Lou is also pursued by Hank
Gordon, a local insurance salesman. Lou leads him on, hinting at
times that she will return to him, but eventually he loses
patience and implies he'll see her jailed if she doesn't submit
to him. Lou tells her he won't hurt her, and they share a kiss.
Lou's former boyfriend, Chick Clark (Owen Moore), is a vicious
criminal who was convicted of robbery and sent to prison for
trying to steal diamonds for her. Louis (Lenny Venito), a higher-
ranking member of Gigli's organization, commands Gigli to kidnap
the mentally challenged younger brother of a powerful federal
prosecutor to use as a bargaining chip to save New York City-
based mob boss Starkman (Al Pacino) from prison. Louis and Ray
offer to lead Tiana and Naveen to the hoodoo priestess Mama Odie,
who they believe can undo the curse. Louis asks Ketty, "Coffee,
tea, or moi. Louis, however, does not trust Gigli to do the job
properly, so he hires a woman calling herself Ricki (Jennifer
Lopez) to take charge. Louise Ginglebusher (Deanna Durbin) is a
young woman from the small town of Cobbleskill who comes to New
York City to make it in show business. Louise borrows a gown and
comes to the party, where they get her past the headwaiter by
claiming she's one of the entertainers. Louise is furious that
Pegeen has broken off their relationship and begins stalking her.
Love Conquers All. Love Is All There Is is a modern retelling of
the Romeo and Juliet story. Love and Action in Chicago premiered
at the 1999 Toronto International Film Festival. Love blossoms
between Orked and Ah Loong, although there are social and racial
pressures that stand in their way. Love is how you touch me. Low-
rent pimpJ. Lt Walsh asks Chris questions about Keith,Chris is
stabbed and killed by Keith's hitman in the subway station. Lt
Walsh becomes furious about the sting operation. Lt Walsh
investigates Chris's murder and find credit card receipts on him.
Lu is fed up with Sam's generosity, particularly when he ends up
paying for the Butlers' car repairs, then letting the mechanic
come over for home-cooked meals. Lube and Ashley also go back to
the cabin and have sex. Lube discovers a page in The Bible which
tells of a brothel in Canada and a prostitute, Monique, who is
very experienced. Lube tells Ashley how he feels about her,
giving a speech on how he guarantees sexual satisfaction, but she
still turns him down. Luca has difficulty achieving an orgasm to
change back, even with coaching from Keenan's girlfriend Janine
(Alison Folland). Lucas believes this act will create enough
money to allow Joe to save Empire Records. Lucas is surrounded by
inspiration, but he sees nothing. Lucas returns after the store
opens and Joe confronts him about the missing deposit. Lucas
reveals that he was once a troubled youth much like "Warren"
until he was taken in by Joe, who gave him a home and a job and
helped him turn his life around. Lucia and Bill have a falling
out after Lucia implies that Tom died as a result of having gay
sex. Lucia goes to Marcus, they reconcile, and they end up having
a wedding that embraces both African and Mexican customs. Lucia
has also not told her parents that she recently dropped out of
Columbia Law School to volunteer teach at a charter school
catering to recent immigrants. Lucia soon discovers that she is
pregnant. Lucia's sister Isabel (Anjelah Johnson), who
disapproved of her sister getting married, makes Lucia and the
rest of the family realize that Marcus makes Lucia happy and that
race should not matter. Luciano Pavarotti plays a world-famous
Italian tenor opera singer by the name of Giorgio Fini. Lucinda
appears at the wedding and gives Sir Peter and Dame Olga one of
her gifts - that they will always love each other. Lucius
Griffith "Biff" Grimes (Gary Cooper) is a small town dentist
dissatisfied with his lot. Luck comes Rupert's way in the form of
the gorgeous but taken Louise (Suzy Kendall), a fellow boarder,
whose attentions he pursues with all his goofy and inept might
and main. Luckily, Lanie survives, and Pete tells her in the
hospital that he has loved her since the first time he saw her,
and Lanie says she loves him, too. Luckily, Les is able to drive
his father, his mother and little brother Rudy to the hospital —
in reverse, because the Cadillac is so badly damaged it can no
longer be put into drive. Luckily, Morgan attached a marker
barrel to the treasure beforehand, allowing them to retrieve it
and the newly rich crew sets sail for their next adventure in
Madagascar. Luckily, the audition judge, Luther Washington
(Faizon Love), who is also the town's prison warden, lets them
perform in a show for his prisoners when their booked act
cancels. Luckily, the client thinks Darryl is just funny and
signs a contract with the company. Luckily, they skid into a
parking area and no one is injured; Sarah is able to fetch Edy's
medication from the glove box in time. Luckily, when she takes a
plane from La Guardia airport to meet him, she misreads Kansas
City for Atlantic City on an airport sign and ends up on the
wrong plane. Lucky Cullen (Milton Berle) gets into trouble when
his boss, bookie Tony Miller (Cesar Romero), finds out that Lucky
has bet (and lost) $5000 under a false identity. Lucky Fritz is
anxious Gretchen might get the wrong impression. Lucky Fritz
starts to behave as if he was a star. Lucky Fritz was hit by a
lightning strike twice. Lucky Jackson (Elvis) goes to Las Vegas,
Nevada to participate in the city's first annual Grand Prix Race.
Lucky claims he does not want to get married, but is in fact in
love with the rich socialite Iris. Lucky feels like he was cursed
and tries to get hit by a lightning strike once again for he
hopes that might restore his normality and give him finally a
chance to win Gretchen's heart. Lucky learns that he has
inherited a Fifth Avenue art gallery from his uncle. Lucky raises
the necessary money in Las Vegas, but he loses it when he is
shoved into the pool by the hotel's nubile swimming instructor,
Rusty Martin (Ann-Margret). Lucky then has to work as a waiter at
the hotel to replace the lost money to pay his hotel bill, as
well as enter the hotel's talent contest in hopes of winning a
cash prize sizable enough to pay for his car's engine. Lucky then
returns Tony's $100,000; he paid Don Fernando with counterfeit
money. Lucy Honeychurch is touring Italy with her overbearing
older cousin and chaperone, Charlotte Bartlett, and the novel
opens with their complaints about the hotel, "The Pension
Bertolini". Lucy Kelson (Sandra Bullock) is a liberal lawyer who
specializes in environmental law in New York City. Lucy and he
hit it off instantly and she asks him to meet her again tomorrow
morning. Lucy asks George to retrieve some photographs of hers
that happen to be near the murder site. Lucy attempts to argue
that they are not yet expired, and takes a newspaper to prove
herself, but sees that the date on all the newspapers is not
October as she thought. Lucy comes to Tom's bar and shows him the
swanky outfit she got for herself to share with George, whom she
introduces to Tom. Lucy decides to erase Henry completely from
her life after learning of his decision not to take a sailing
trip to Bristol Bay to study walruses, something he has been
planning for the past 10 years. Lucy has finally settled down
with George. Lucy is a journalist who is dumped by her "perfect"
boyfriend and then goes on a series of dates with five different
men—Doug, an entomologist; Gabriel, a playwright; Bobby, a
baseball player; Barry, a computer store owner; and Luke, a
doctor. Lucy is moved but remains firm. Lucy is turning thirty
and her love life is embarrassingly dull. Lucy meets George in an
attempt to stop the destruction of the Coney Island community
center from her childhood. Lucy observes how boyish George is.
Lucy promises Miss Bartlett that she will not tell her mother of
the "insult" George has paid her because Miss Bartlett fears she
will be blamed. Lucy realises that the novel is by Miss Lavish
(the writer-acquaintance from Florence) and that Charlotte must
thus have told her about the kiss. Lucy says she does not know
him but shows him the pictures she has painted of him, saying she
dreams about him every night. Lucy then becomes jealous of June
before she leaves. Lucy then decides to form a death pact with
Joe like they'd had back in college. Lucy then discovers that
Jerry did not actually go to Florida, though he went so far as to
get an artificial tan and write multiple fake letters home to
convince her that he did. Lucy then sees that she is on Henry’s
boat, which finally made it to Alaska. Lucy was left homeless
after her flat in Watford was bombed and the same happened to her
married daughter in Nuneaton. Lucy's hard work and devotion to
others contrast sharply with George's world-weary recklessness
and greed. Lucy, extremely agitated, breaks down at her volunteer
job reading stories to children. Lucy, having been in a
relationship for three weeks with a man named Paul, goes to Grand
Central Station to send him off to the train. Lucía (Nancy
Dupláa) is Uma's best friend, divorced with a daughter called
Violeta, and is always willing to give Uma a hand in whatever she
needs. Ludo Decker and Anna Gotzlowski have been living together
for two years. Ludwig Von Drake (voiced by Paul Frees) replaces
Edgar Bergen as the narrator in the 1963 version, for which he
has a Bootle-Beetle companion named Herman (replacing the sassy
comments of Edgar Bergen's ventriloquist dummy Charlie McCarthy).
Luigi tells the colonel that, according to rumor, she killed the
duke because she feared she was falling in love with him. Luke
(Taylor Handley), a young man somewhat insecure about his
masculinity, begins to exhibit zerophilia following an encounter
with a woman (Kelly Le Brock). Luke agrees to help Kate clean out
her old apartment and move the next day, and at the end of the
day Luke falls asleep on the bed. Luke and Kate spend the whole
trip drinking and staying up late alone together, including a
bonfire on the beach. Luke cuts his hand badly while helping move
a couch. Luke does this by masturbating, becoming female, and
subsequently calling herself "Luca". Luke forgives Jill and lets
her know that he still loves her and wants to marry her. Luke is
annoyed, and an argument ensues. Luke is threatened by his sex
transformation, his arousal by an attractive male, and the
questions of sexual identity it raises; he seeks help from
Sydney. Luke, Barry and Melanie are the three unlucky-in-love
hopefuls who pay good money to take part in Candy and Randy’s
promotional promise. Luke, a self-confessed ‘Monster Lover’, is a
38-year-old ageing pop star who relies on his status as a one hit
wonder to attract one night stands. Lupo falls in love with an
Italian woman who rejects him, insisting that she will only marry
a great opera singer. Lupo travels to Italy in hopes of learning
how to sing opera music. Lurch agrees in order to get away from
his nagging wife. Luxemberg". Luxemberg," enjoying family bliss.
Lyda soon loses interest in this romance and returned to Italy,
followed by a spy on Barkley's payroll. Lydia calls Gerry to her
apartment, apparently to break up. Lydia's father is running for
governor of North Carolina, and he does not want Lydia and Sam in
his way, so the two are banished from North Carolina. Lydia,
wanting Gerry for herself, makes increasingly aggressive attempts
to torment Helen and dropping clues of their affair to her. Lying
down on Vittorio's bed, Charity claims she is no longer hungry.
Lyla's husband Andrew arrives at the wedding and, upon finding
out that Lyla is pregnant, reconciles with her. Lyla, who reveals
she is separated, goes to the hospital and sees her 29-year-old
brother Jared, an OB, after passing out. Lyn and Lee Walker
(Wilde Twins) are also on the train in a private cabin. Lynn
discovers that top designer Oscar Baroque (Reginald Owen) gets
his inspiration from old costume books, and she begins to create
designs the same way, signing each one with the name of an
established designer. Lynn learns that she's pregnant and,
knowing how irresponsible he is, decides to get an abortion
without telling Chris. Lysti and Bunz hit it off very quickly,
and to Rushon's surprise, Nikki decides it is time for their
relationship to move to the next level. M is confused and angry
by R’s behavior, but R holds his ground. Mabel abandons her show
and rushes to Philadelphia where Cain is fighting. Mabrey cites
the law again and once again suggests that his nephew be named
King, but just then, Nicholas not only refuses the crown, but
also disowns Mabrey as his uncle. Mabrey plans to have Nicholas
woo Mia and dissolve the engagement. Mabrey spooks Mia's horse
with a rubber snake and Joe rushes to Mia's aide, but
accidentally tears off the wooden leg. Mac finds out his crew
mates are in trouble and goes to help and gets arrested along
with Woody in a case of mistaken identity. Mac is heartbroken and
prepares the ship for take-off. MacDonald begins her book with a
summary description of her childhood and family. MacInerney,
attempt to consolidate the administration's 63% approval rating
by passing a moderate crime control bill. Mackay's millionaire
father cut her off and did not speak to her for years because,
after a long courtship, she married Berlin, who was Jewish. Macoy
is Laida's long time friend whom she broke up with after he did
not keep his promise of them going together to the same college.
Macoy talks sense to Laida to go back and pursue Miggy. Mad Dog
does his best to get the money but falls short by $12,500. Mad
Dog learns that Glory is trying to pay off a personal debt and
wants nothing to do with Milo after the debt is paid off. Mad Dog
saves the life of mob boss Frank Milo (Murray) during a hold-up
in a convenience store. Mad Dog wants her to move into his
apartment, but Milo has no intention of letting Glory go. Mad
Dog's partner, Mike (Caruso), saves Mad Dog from the thug. Madame
Adelaide's will is rewritten to exclude Edgar, with Madame
remaining ignorant of the reason for Edgar’s departure. Maddalena
is genuinely sympathetic, and Anni tells Rudi that he should
marry his childhood sweetheart because she really is a lady.
Maddy falls for the love letter and is in high spirits again.
Madea convinces Aunt Bam to chase after Rose. Madea gives
everyone advice on what they should do. Madea goes "off-script"
to talk about things that are happening in "the world today".
Madea leaves the house and tries to start her car, but guess what
her car wouldn't start. Madea notices Byron sagging and tells him
to pull up his pants. Madea orders Karen to leave, they're having
a family moment. Madea takes Helen in and helps her get back on
her feet, to the dismay of Madea's brother, Joe. Madeleine Ross
(Susan Sarandon) is a journalist, and her boyfriend, Harris
Sloane (David Steinberg), is the owner of an art theatre.
Madeleine, who had been watching from the window, quizzes him on
his date and calls him a liar when he claims he did not kiss
Susan. Madge is left at the altar, Isabel comes back claiming it
was just a prank she was playing to get even with Cas for leaving
her, and it turns out Monica didn't get to marry him after all
because they didn't have a proper license. Madhavan), a flight
lieutenant in the Indian Air Force who is Sonia's fiancé, is
killed when his jet, a MiG-21, crashes. Madison soon realises her
intentions and does his best to fend off the young woman.
Madison's job as a dog robber is to keep his boss and other high-
ranking officers supplied with luxury goods and amiable
Englishwomen. Madison's pleasure-seeking "American" lifestyle
amid wartime rationing both fascinates and disgusts Emily, but
she does not want to lose another loved one to war and finds the
"practicing coward" Madison irresistible. Madison, limping from
his injury and angry about his senseless near-death,
uncharacteristically plans to act nobly by telling the world the
truth about what happened, even if it means being imprisoned for
cowardice. Madonna allowed additional dialogue written by Hütz
himself to be included in the film. Mae and Kitty become friends
again, but Mae comes to realize she herself will never be lonely
as long as she has people to help. Mae goes away to a resort to
think things over. Mae talks her into breaking up with the
married man, then tries to fix her up with Matt by pretending
that Kitty may have swallowed a missing earring (which may have
fallen into an omelet Mae was preparing) and requires an X-ray.
Mae turns her down. Mae's own sister Emmy shows up. Mae, however,
gets the last laugh; Matt gets cold feet at the last moment and
leaves the bride waiting at the altar. Maerose is in disfavor
with her father for running off with another man after the end of
her romance with Charley. Maezumi gives her the lantern that had
hung outside his ramen shop for 45 years, and she takes it to
America with her, where it is shown a year later outside her shop
in New York City, appropriately named The Ramen Girl. Maezumi is
sad to have to stop his business, but talks to Abby. Maezumi
tastes it, and starts to cry, but goes upstairs to his home.
Maezumi's mother tastes her ramen and tells her, in Japanese,
that she is cooking with her head; when Abby confesses that there
is only pain in her heart, Maezumi's mother advises that she
should put tears in her ramen, as she has no love to share.
Maezumi, drunk, says that her ramen will receive the Master
Chef's blessing, or he'll stop making ramen. Magazine
photographer August Winkel (Felix Bressart) helps by writing
letters supposedly from "Tony Merrick". Magda childishly teases
her husband with her new relationship, and Claude-Henri is later
found dead, murdered by Magda's husband in a crime of passion.
Maggie (Karyn Dwyer) has recently moved out on her own, and has
started a relationship with another woman, Kim (Christina Cox).
Maggie Prescott (Kay Thompson) is a fashion magazine publisher
and editor, for Quality magazine, who is looking for the next big
fashion trend. Maggie Scott (Ann-Margret) works as an assistant
buyer for Irene Chase (Edie Adams). Maggie and Dick take over
Embryo Concepts, which is being run by the shy bookshop clerk and
amateur philosopher, Jo Stockton (Audrey Hepburn). Maggie and
Grace spend Rick and Fred's "Hall Pass Week" at Maggie's parents'
house in Cape Cod, where Grace flirts with athlete Gerry (Tyler
Hoechlin). Maggie asks Frankie to train her, but he initially
refuses. Maggie decides to use Jo in the first fashion shot, to
give it a more intellectual look. Maggie defends herself by
claiming that Jane has lost her husband due to her lack of love
for him, and when she furthermore expresses her pity, Jane slaps
her and leaves. Maggie gets drunk and allows Pete to take her
home. Maggie is snatched by Fate, who drives off in the lead.
Maggie is upset that Paul assumes that Pete would be with her at
night. Maggie is upset that a dance between her and Paul is
interrupted by his jealous wife Jane (Gene Tierney). Maggie wants
the look to be both "beautiful" and "intellectual". Maggie works
out tirelessly each day in his gym, even after Frankie tells her
she's "too old" to begin a boxing career at her age. Maggie's
freedom is compromised, and she believes she must keep her
blossoming affair a secret. Maggie, for instance, is a secretary
who has recently ended an affair and is now in love with her
married boss Paul Barton (Brian Keith), much to the dismay of her
co-worker Pete McCoy (Gardner McKay), a newspaper man. Maggie’s
arrival in Paris is paired with a warning from Herb Stone that
she may lose all of her inhibitions, which she quickly denies
could happen. Magnate deceives and kidnaps Tootie while Crocker
captures Cosmo, Wanda and Poof, imprisoning them in a device
programmed to use their magic to grant anybody's wishes. Magnate
was sent to a mental hospital after claiming that fairies exist,
and his secretary became CEO of the company turning it to
environmental friendly enterprise. Mahi races Jack to the
airport. Maintaining a cynical front, Peggy convinces the
suspicious Pete that she got the money with "no strings
attached". Maisie Ravier (Ann Sothern) loses her job as an
assistant in Horatio Curley's dog act as a result of a minor
quarrel with test pilot "Breezy" McLaughlin (James Craig). Maisie
becomes suspicious when Nuboult shows up with Morton's canceled
contract immediately after the fire is put out. Maisie cleverly
confesses to being a saboteur and implicates Iris and Breezy as
fellow agents. Maisie ends up diving into the pool with her
clothes on. Maisie finds Judd comforting Iris after another
"suicide attempt". Maisie finds this a difficult task, as Iris
turns out to like men altogether too much. Maisie is told to take
the helicopter up. Maisie stops a suicide attempt by failed
actress Iris Reed (Jean Rogers), who lives across the hall, and
persuades her to get a job in the same place. Malcolm and Amy
(Julie Bowen), the wedding planner, start sharing a moment
together in which she asks if he wants to dance with her and he
accepts. Malcolm talks to Jason and complains and asks why he
isn't the best man. Malloy sees the monks and decides to help
Samantha. Malone does everything possible to delay them, even as
several of his office staff resign, seeing him as a villain.
Malone finally agrees to Jane's demands. Malone retaliates by
charging Jane rent for the siding on which the train is sitting.
Malone sends employees Crawford Sloan (Walter Greaza) and Wilbur
Peterson (Philip Coolidge) to Cape Anne to deal with the
situation. Manager Burly DeVito appreciates that Darryl has found
a settling influence in his life, but teammates Moose Granger and
Manny Alvarado become increasingly aware of how obsessed Darryl
is with Debby and how unhappy she has become. Manise also reveals
that Agnès is addicted to drugs and that the day of the party she
fainted due to withdrawal syndrome. Manise asks Cécile to check
the bank accounts for unusual charges, she does so despite
Claire's warnings that Alain shall notice, they find nothing.
Manise goes back to Alain's office and poses as a policeman from
the financial branch, insinuating that Alain is involved in some
questionable businesses, which Claire denies, however he manages
to take a lock of Claire's hair without her noticing. Manise
however, notices that Alain is close by and makes it look as if
Cécile is having an affair with him and asks her to take him to
the police station. Manise is close by and all he sees is that
Alain is meeting with a younger woman, but when he reports it to
Cécile she recognizes her daughter and is relieved that there is
not another woman. Manise tells her that it is preferable to be
honest and ask her husband directly but she refuses. Mankind will
surely not deny to Harold Skimpole what it concedes to the
butterflies". Manning appears at Dorothy's apartment to demand
his money and hits Dorothy for double-crossing him with Knobby.
Manning escapes when Bill crashes the car, and Bill is later
convicted of robbery and murder and sentenced to execution.
Manning takes Bill hostage in his car and forces him to lead the
police on a chase. Mannion decides to take advantage of his mild-
mannered doppelgänger and, ultimately, leave Jones "holding the
bag" for Mannion's crimes. Manny however gives him the keys to
his studio where he can spend the night. Manon sings "Bonne Nuit,
Merci". Manuel and Dado return to the Philippines, where they
relax by the beach before going home by tricycle. Manuel finally
admits that they won't make it in time before the curfew, but
Dado encourages him to relax. Manuel is revealed unconscious, and
Basil crouches over him in the foyer. Manuel offers to buy Dado a
snack to calm him down, but when he returns, he sees Dado give
the couch away to a junk collector; eventually, the duo chase
after and hitch a ride on the junk collector's three-wheeler
pickup. Manuel tries to ask Cecilia out on a date when he spots
her at a hair salon. Many applause, captured bandits. Many
comedic pratfalls ensue as she tries to fight her true feelings
simply because her recent split with her fiancé went so badly.
Many complications ensue after Louise gets George to shave off
his old-man's beard, revealing the handsome young man underneath,
and a stroll in the moonlight provokes George to propose marriage
to Louise. Many of Tom's ex-wives turn out to be friends of
Fay's. Many of the partygoers are also stranded by the fog and
while some are happy to bed down for the night in the hotel
lounge, Leslie (Barnes) sweet-talks Logan into letting her stay
in his suite. Many popular new works based on the story feature
one step-sister who is not as cruel to Cinderella as the other.
Many scenes also take place at the fictional Madison Avenue
advertising agency "McMann and Tate", where Darrin works. Many
theater critics from television stations and newspapers in New
York City attend opening night, and they all savage the
production, especially Elliot's performance. Many twist dancers'
meet in preparation for the TV variety show called "The Twist".
Marc Fontaine, the handsome French designer, had a relationship
with Irene. Marc goes to talk to Kyle and tells Kyle that he was
into him all along, having feigned disinterest this whole time.
Marc has inherited the house of his late aunt on the Côte d'Azur
and takes the family there on for their summer holiday, leaving
their home in Paris. Marc tries to put the moves on Caleb, who's
unresponsive. Marc, meanwhile, sees Caleb and is instantly
attracted. Marcel, seeing that the couples have worked out their
problems, frees them from the therapy and allows them to go jet
skiing, and with that, really enjoy the rest of their vacation.
Marcel, who is in league with Junior's wife, double-crosses him.
Marci Feld, a spoiled Jewish-American princess, is forced to take
control of her father's hardcore rap label, Felony Assault, when
her father Ben suffers a stress-induced heart attack due to the
controversy surrounding the label's song "Shoot Ya' Teacha" by dr
To rescue her father's plummeting stock, Marci attempts to tone
down the rapper's bad-boy image. Marci tellsJ. Marcia (Joan
Crawford) is a young socialite who shares her New York home with
her alcoholic grandmother, Fanny Townsend (Edna May Oliver).
Marcia and Jim escape from the party during a game of charades,
and she returns the next morning. Marcia announces that she
intends to be unfaithful to her husband,by having a fling with
Jim, who still cares for Marcia. Marcia decides to teach her
husband a lesson by having a party to which she invites Sherry's
former flames along with their mates. Marcia is a firm believer
that a couple should be faithful to one another, unlike her peers
who do not feel so strongly. Marcia meets Jim (Franchot Tone),
who agrees with her on the subject of a couple's monogamy and
pursues her. Marcia, however, decides to pursue Sherry (Robert
Montgomery), whom Marcia sees as a challenge and seeks to cure
him of his philandering nature. Marcus Boyd (Lance Gross), a
young African-American, has recently graduated from Columbia
Medical School and is headed to Laos for a year to work with
Doctors Without Borders. Marcus and Angela fight, then reconcile,
but only to fight again after Angela discovers Marcus has another
phone. Marcus and Kiko reconcile and they go to Manila to find
Jackie again. Marcus feels abandoned, leading to an argument with
Lucia about her commitment to their relationship. Marcus later
confronts Sutter about what is going on with him and Cassidy,
though Sutter reassures him that Cassidy is done with him. Marcus
returns from theS early and visits the medical mission. Marcus
says she does not like him in the way she liked Sutter, but
Sutter tells him that he should not try to be like him. Marcus
thanks Sutter for his advice. Marcus, currently studying abroad,
had first noticed Jackie after seeing her in Manila while she was
drag racing, and has been infatuated with her ever since.
Margaret "Maggie" Fitzgerald, a waitress from a Missouri town in
the Ozarks, shows up in the Hit Pit, a run-down Los Angeles gym
owned and operated by Frankie Dunn, an old, cantankerous boxing
trainer. Margaret Delafield, a rich elderly lady and widow of
Spaulding 'Spud' Delafield (an unseen character),is rushed to
hospital. Margaret Drew (Crawford) runs her trucking company
single-mindedly, if not ruthlessly. Margaret Harwood (Miller),
the mousy daughter of esteemed wine merchant Sir Mason Harwood
(Richardson), discovers a magnum of wine, vintage 1811, bearing
Napoleon's seal. Margaret Turner (Myrna Loy) and Susan Turner
(Shirley Temple) are sisters who live together. Margaret is a
judge, and Susan's guardian. Margaret is led by her naval officer
into a world of nightclubs, gambling, spiked drinks and brothels.
Margaret makes a full recovery and returns home to a welcome
party for family and friends. Margaret's favourite church refuses
to perform a mixed marriage (Marvin is Jewish) and Marvin's rabbi
is equally unwilling. Margaret's testimony saves her husband,
after which he continues to demand she quit meddling in his
affairs. Marge Winton (Marion Davies) is fed up with having to
quit job after job to avoid the advances of lecherous bosses.
Marge has no choice but to show up at the hotel, registering
first as the plain secretary, then as Sadie, juggling her two
personas to keep Freddie in the dark. Marge manages to use Dick's
sword to cut her bonds and helps Dick defeat Tod and knock him
into the garbage chute. Margie plans to present the bottle as the
centerpiece for her upcoming wedding reception. Margie's father,
however, believes Dudley loves Margie and suggests that she
return the bottle of champagne to Dudley to see what he will do.
Margo argues that Quentin saved her for egotistical reasons; he
wanted to be a knight in shining armor who saved the troubled
girl. Margo had left those clue to assure Quentin that she is
okay and she did not want to be found. Margo needs an accomplice
and a car to help her complete the tasks, and tries to get
Quentin to help her accomplish it. Margo promises to Quentin that
she will keep contact with him. Margot and Lara Jean eventually
reconcile, but Lara Jean remains angry at Peter until Kitty
admits that she stole her sister's hatbox and mailed the letters
as revenge for Lara Jean almost telling Josh that Kitty had a
crush on him. Margot and Philip plan to go on to Reno to secure
the divorce, then get married themselves. Margot has no choice
but to go along with the deception. Margot takes the opportunity
to exact some revenge, pretending to be a very uncouth wife,
complete with an exaggerated New York accent. Margot, Jeff, and
Philip then board a train to drop Jeff off in Ohio. Marguerite
insults Danielle about her mother's death, punches Marguerite in
the face and chases her until Marguerite threatens to throw
Utopia into the fireplace. Maria (Rita Hayworth), who is next in
line, is not interested in getting married, much to the dismay of
Cecy and Lita, her two younger siblings, who have boyfriends they
want very much to wed. Maria Owens, a young witch, is exiled to
Maria's Island in Massachusetts with her unborn child for
escaping her execution. Maria finally forgives him. Maria is
escorted down the aisle but storms off to the vestry after seeing
the drunken Gus, believing that he is not taking this wedding
seriously. Maria is furious and Ray apologizes with a kiss. Maria
is given legal custody of Casey. Maria is impressed and
volunteers to be Ray's translator while in town. Maria obeys her
uncle and leaves the room; a disappointed Eddie calls her a
"slave". Maria scoffs at Gus' insistence that they must marry
again after fifty years together, but agrees to do it if Gus
proposes to her properly. Maria wants the wedding she never had.
Maria's current romantic interest is Anton (Paul Henreid), a poor
Polish count who fancies himself a sculptor. Maria's youngest
sister, 18-year-old Nina (Anna Maria Alberghetti), takes an
almost immediate liking to Ray. Maria, who by now is eagerly
awaiting the next love letter from her secret admirer, sees Bob
dropping off the note and flower and concludes that he is her
suitor. Marian thinks that Carvel is too unsophisticated for her
and is annoyed by her family's worries that she is dating Jeff
Willis, a local young man who is considered a "wolf". Marianne
Bryant, a prissy and strictly religious Christian at their
school, overhears her telling the lie and soon it spreads like
wildfire. Marianne departs hastily, anxious to avoid becoming
entangled in a scandal. Marianne's religious clique, which now
includes Rhiannon, begins harassing Olive in order to get her to
leave school. Maribel (Tamara Mello), the youngest, is hip and
slightly rebellious. Maribel is drawn to handsome Brazilian
student Andy after her co-worker rejects him and, after they
briefly date, she invites him home for dinner, during which she
blithely announces she is moving in with him, much to her
father's consternation and Andy's shock, since they never had
discussed elevating their somewhat casual relationship to this
next level. Marie and Dan meet to talk at a bowling alley. Marie
jealously watches Dan and Ruthie. Marie's parents would prefer
their daughter to marry Tommy, but things get complicated when
Marie's father, Warren, needs to sell a piece of property he owns
in order to get himself out of financial difficulty. Marietta
slyly decides to recruit him to end Melody's marriage. Marietta
still hates Boris and continues to arrange for Melody to marry
Randy. Marilla becomes suspicious of Mike after she finds a
photograph of Lori Shannon (Dolores Gray), Mike's former
girlfriend. Marilla designs clothes for a wide array of artistic
personalities. Marilyn (Brenda Vaccaro) is a woman unexpectedly
plunged into grief when her otherwise healthy husband is killed
by a woman (Renée Taylor) backing her car out of a driveway.
Marina follows Nancy to her mother's house, and privately tells
Frances about Nancy's supposed pregnancy. Marion also expresses a
crush on Wade. Marion is a French-born photographer living in New
York City with her neurotic, hypochondriacal, chain-smoking,
heavily tattooed American interior designer boyfriend Jack.
Marion soon discovers an ominous lump in her breast, which proves
fatal. Marisa Ventura is a single mother trying to get by with
her 10-year-old young son Ty by working as a maid for The
Beresford Hotel in the heart of Manhattan. Marisa is unable to
end the affair, and she spends the night in Chris's hotel room.
Marissa is Roxanna's best friend from childhood, and Jesse's ex-
girlfriend. Marissa sympathizes and forgives him. Mark Bellison
(Ricky Gervais) is a screenwriter, in a film industry limited to
historical readings because there is no fiction. Mark Christopher
(Powell) is a successful thirty-five-year-old Hollywood
screenwriter who has suffered from partial writer's block since
winning an Academy Award and has been unable to produce a decent
script. Mark and Patrick are two friends who work for an internet
based magazine. Mark and Patrick both fell for her but Patrick
hides his true feelings for the sake of his friend Mark. Mark and
Tomas and Alex and Grace go out dancing at a big-city gay club,
where they see Ray Ray, the son of Alex's family housekeeper,
performing as a drag queen called Obsession. Mark and his
girlfriend (Kristen Wilson) are hung up over moving in together;
Runyon is hung up over his old girlfriend Kathryn (Dana Wheeler-
Nicholson), who has moved to Los Angeles; the womanizing Josh is
hung up on Phil's sister, Gina (Paige Turco), who has an abusive
husband; Phil, who is married with children, finds himself hung
up on an English interior designer (Kristin Scott Thomas). Mark
convinces Anna to go out with him again; she congratulates Mark
for his financial success and admits that he would be a good
husband and father, but she is still not attracted to him. Mark
has an epiphany that enables him to tell the world's first lie,
to the effect that he has $800 — the amount he owed his landlord
— in his account. Mark has his own confession: he is in love with
Susan but is worried by their age difference. Mark hires Tomas to
re-paint his dining room. Mark is naturally appalled, but is
eventually persuaded to take the girl in. Mark is not really in
love with Jennifer like Patrick. Mark just wants to sleep with
her. Mark reluctantly attends Anna and Brad's wedding, where he
objects to the marriage, but the officiant informs him that only
the Man in the Sky can stop the wedding. Mark soon receives
worldwide attention for his supposed new information about death.
Mark then gets a call that his mother has had a heart attack and
rushes to the hospital. Mark then slips away to a cabin in the
Sierra Nevada mountains to work on his script with Maude. Mark
wants to lie but does not because of his love for Anna, and says
no. Mark's secretary Maude Snodgrass (Glenda Farrell), his best
friend Virgil (Alvy Moore), and his lawyer Harvey Butterworth
(Les Tremayne) do their best to keep the situation under control.
Mark, a Wall Street financial broker, falls in love with a French
actress at first sight, due to her resembling a Vermeer painting,
and then proceeds to follow her from room to room in a museum.
Mark, the son of the publisher, objects to his father, but
because Mark is himself struggling with his homosexuality and
attending meetings of an ex-gay group at the local church, he's
limited in what he can do to mitigate the story and the resultant
damage. Mark, through tears, tells her that death instead brings
a joyful afterlife, introducing the concept of a Heaven to her,
and she dies happy. Marla convinces Trish to go and make up with
Andy. Marlo has recorded extensive details about her affairs and
scandals, with a lot of dirt about her husbands and lovers. Marlo
is expected to work "undercover" to ensure world peace. Marlowe,
meanwhile, is miserable; she thinks she is falling in love with
Hunter, but her one real true love is the man who discovered her,
George Schmidlap (Groucho Marx). Marni and Will's little brother,
Ben (Billy Unger), loosened the screws as a part of his plan in
hiding the tree house because Will was going to move it as a
wedding present. Marni apologizes to Will for her actions, saying
she was only trying to protect him. Marni appears to start a
relationship with Charlie (Sean Wing), her brother's best friend
who has always been kind to her. Marni decides to bring Tim to
the rehearsal dinner as part of her plan to stop the wedding.
Marni forgives her and promises to get them back together. Marni
is also upset to see that Joanna fits in very well with the
family. Marni is in trouble when everyone discovers that she was
responsible for the video at the rehearsal dinner. Marni is now
convinced that Joanna hasn't changed, and walks away. Marsha ends
up asking Darvac to pretend to be Roogle, but has to knock out
Darvac when he tries to claim his privileges as her "husband".
Marsha goes to her friend Kitty's cabin in the mountains to get
away from the limelight. Marshal, Karen Sisco, are forced to
share a car trunk during Foley's escape from a Florida prison.
Marshall Thomas (Houston Rhines), an advertising designer, and
his partner of seven years, cafe owner Gabe Horton (Noah
Schuffman), who live in Los Angeles, California, are in a rut.
Marshall discovers a smart phone application called eCupid and
agrees to install it without reading the terms of agreement
(despite multiple warnings) The application (voiced by Morgan
Fairchild) proceeds to take over Marshall's phone and computer,
and by proxy his life. Marshall then arrives, jealous. Martha
goes to a bar where she drops her quarter in front of the
jukebox. Martha introduces Whitman to her family and he impresses
them. Martha is smitten with him now, however, throws a rock to
get arrested so she can end up in the next cell, holding hands
with Petey between the bars. Martha replaces him and becomes
successful. Martha slips away and heads for the exit, where she
reunites with Laurence, who was looking for the pair. Martha soon
becomes frustrated and desperate after the manipulative Whitman
tells her whole smitten and obilivious family that they are
engaged to be married. Martha talks to Richard the next day,
telling him that Julia is leaving and taking the job in Paris.
Martha then realizes that she really loves Doug and makes up with
him. Martin abandons the contract and rescues Bart from certain
death, driving him to the Newberry house and holing up inside,
narrowly ahead of Grocer and his mercenaries. Martin appears on
the base to produce a show for the enlisted men and (at his
request) is assigned Curtis as his assistant, who offers Martin
the use of his apartment in town and insists that Sheila be
included as his partner in the show. Martin confesses his
machinations to Sheila, who embraces him in relief and calls on
her new husband in the guardhouse. Martin finds out and tries to
dissuade her from this approach, later enlisting the help of his
friend Steve Adams, who tries to woo Shelley. Martin gradually
kills the team of mercenaries. Martin really wants to keep his
single lifestyle, and can't see himself as the "marrying kind".
Martin sends Sheila to town to bring Robert back before he's
declared AWOL. Martin then experiences an epiphany, recognizing
that his recent disillusionment with his work and his amends with
Debi signify an opportunity to change his life for good. Martin's
ever-suspicious wife, invited by Curtis, arrives and Sonya is
forced to leave the show as well, which is canceled for want of a
leading lady. Martin, concluding that it is futile to try to
change his life, fires his psychiatrist over the phone, notifies
Marcella that he is laying her off (but directs her to a brick of
cash hidden in the office, set aside for her severance pay) and
finally opens the dossier containing the details of the contract
that brought him to Grosse Pointe. Martindale, having himself
been at the charity ball, finds himself to be a chance spectator
of the reunion. Martini and the studio soon learn of Wilbur and
Alexander, a couple of down on their luck vaudevillians with a
trained lion act. Marty agrees but says that his work is garbage
anyway and that it means nothing to him now. Marty also said that
the Sally was entertaining the thought of marrying Nick. Marty
became depressed and drew grim drawings and compiled it into the
"Book of Sad" and sent it to Sally. Marty brought some of Sally's
stuff to her house. Marty finally admitted his feelings but Sally
isn't ready to commit in a relationship. Marty got a call from a
comic-book publisher, Renegade Komiks, and got an opportunity to
pitch a comic storyline from the eyepatch-wearing editor Toto.
Marty got drunk, talked to a girl who says Nick's a friendly guy
and sees the girl dancing with Nick. Marty had an impression that
Nick is a dickhead and literally sees him as a monster. Marty
knocks on the door and sees Sally with a bruise on her mouth who
explains that it was caused by an accident. Marty refuses to
accept the explanation, knowing the real cause of his friend's
bruise and urged Sally to run away from her abusive parents.
Marty tried to charge at Nick but he was stopped by Sally who
prevented him from being run over by a vehicle. Marty urged Sally
to say what she would want to say and Sally revealed that she has
a boyfriend much to Marty's shock. Marty was immediately accepted
at the institution while Sally was put on the "waiting list"
meaning that her admittance to the college isn't certain. Marty
was reluctant to accept the ticket saying it wasn't his thing but
Nick insists saying it was a gift. Marty would sometimes finds
Sally with a bruise with Sally often shrugging it off claiming
the bruises were from accidents. Marty's father confronted him
with his problem and brought him to a place where men go when
they are depressed which was later revealed to be a toy car
racing venue. Marty's father encouraged him that it was not too
late to disclose his feelings to Sally pointing out that if he
did he would be the "first in line" if Sally and her boyfriend
broke up. Marvin Payne (Stewart) is a World War II army air force
veteran trying to make it on a shoe-string with a startup air-
freight business. Mary (Joy Enriquez), Tomás' secretary, calls
hoping he is doing better. Mary Carroll (Ginger Rogers) is a
young woman from upstate who came to New York City to find a job
and a career, but whose money has almost run out. Mary Horowitz,
a crossword puzzle writer for the Sacramento Herald, is socially
awkward and considers her pet hamster her only true friend. Mary
James is subsequently captured by mrs Meers and Bun Foo, and
Millie follows them to Chinatown, where the unconscious Jimmy has
been hidden in a room in a fireworks factory where Miss Dorothy
is sleeping. Mary McKinley (Patricia Neal in her film debut) is
the girl he left behind. Mary Peppertree (Deanna Durbin) starts a
new job as a telephone operator at the White House, where her
father Timothy has been working as a guard for many years. Mary
Tate and Craig begin a passionate and exciting relationship. Mary
Thomas (Keke Palmer) is a teenage girl and competitive Double
Dutch player, part of a team called the Joy Jumpers, who lives
next door to Izzy; the two have a complicated relationship,
always arguing when they see each other, but Mary's teammates and
Karin know that they have crushes on each other. Mary Wilson, a
born and bred Texan, moves to Los Angeles to open a high class
bakery, and get away from her wacky family. Mary admits her
feelings for him, and they kiss for the first time. Mary admits
she has feelings for him too, but also tells Rip that they have
to fix the mess they have caused in Grandview before they can
start a relationship. Mary and Trudy angrily tell Mike they are
leaving for Florida the next day because of the way he has
manipulated Jim. Mary and Uncle Billy arrive, having rallied the
townspeople, who donate more than enough to cover the missing
$8,000 and for Potter's warrant to be torn up. Mary and the Joy
Jumpers, meanwhile, are training for the regional championship,
in order to make it on to the city finals. Mary asks David to
escort her to the party, offering to introduce him to the
President's secretary in exchange for the favor. Mary believes
him and decides to pursue him. Mary confides that she once felt
the same way about ballet, but eventually confessed to her mother
that she hated it, and her mother easily accepted it. Mary dumps
a cooler of water on his head, and the four run away, Rodney
giving up the chase quickly but angrily. Mary fears that Steve
has revealed his feelings for her but instead Fran reveals she
doesn't know if she is in love with Steve anymore. Mary finally
realizes she does not need Steve to be happy. Mary gets Harold to
propose (with an assist from a passing mail carrier's whistle),
and she accepts. Mary invites Rodrigo to the party and admits to
him upon arrival at her aunt's house that this is where she
actually lives. Mary is left wondering whether she should
continue to plan Fran and Steve's wedding, while Steve is left
wondering whether his chemistry with Mary is a sign that he
shouldn’t be marrying Fran. Mary is pleasantly surprised when her
date turns out to be handsome and charming Steve Miller, a
cameraman for the television news network CCN. Mary is quite
happy with Chris' actions and that he finally stood up to his
friend. Mary knows she should not go, but the two go up to Aunt
Paula's (Billie Burke) country house in Phoenicia, New York. Mary
manages to thank the man before fainting. Mary never married;
when George says he is her husband, she screams for the police,
causing George to flee and the local policeman to give chase.
Mary quickly gets out of her wedding dress and projects strength
instead of fainting. Mary returns home in a wheelchair sporting a
neck brace. Mary returns to college, where she meets and flirts
with rich instructor Rodrigo. Mary sees Rodrigo at the party with
another woman who turns out to be his wife and learns that they
are buying Casa Bonita. Mary sobers and Steve decides to stay
with her for a while. Mary spots them leaving in Hogan's milk
truck and assumes Sheila is being kidnapped. Mary still wants to
marry him, money or no, but he refuses to let her share his
impending disgrace. Mary then quits her job and steals the
company's records, and mails the two former clients their records
from Lacuna. Mary wants nothing to do with this, but Chris agrees
to help out, lending Joe his wife. Mary writes a bold and angry
editorial against Rip in the local newspaper, which is run by her
family. Mary's expectations are low, as she tells her hamster.
Mary's father Isaac disapproves of the romance and provides an
excellent adversary for Christopher. Mary's obsession gets her
fired when she creates a crossword titled "All About Steve".
Mary's rescue plan works, but she lets Hartman take the credit.
Mary, Fran and Steve visit another potential wedding venue. Mary,
however, is not impressed and instead remains focused on her
ambition to become a partner at the wedding company she works
for. Mary, the Lacuna receptionist, is dating the other memory-
erasing technician, Stan. Mary, who arrives on the scene,
accidentally falls into the mine shaft as well while making a
beeline for Steve. Mary, who has given up on true love, insists
that life isn’t a fairytale and marrying Massimo is the right
thing to do. MaryAnn and Darrin are last seen on a bus saying
goodbye to Aunt Sally, as they sadly wave to each other. Marylin
and her lawyer, Freddy Bender (Richard Jenkins), fail to reach an
agreement with Miles and Rex. Marylin has tricked him, and now
his considerable wealth is at risk. Marylin insists on the Massey
prenup, which will make it absolutely impossible for her to claim
any of her fiancée's assets in the event of a divorce, over both
Howard and Miles's objections. Marylin then tells Miles that to
get Donaly's help for supplying Doyle, she gave him an idea for a
hit TV show, restoring his fortunes in the process: America's
Funniest Divorce Videos, with Gus Petch as the host. Marylin
wants revenge. Marylin's friend, serial divorcée Sarah Sorkin
(Julia Duffy), warns Marilyn that Miles will be a dangerous
opponent. Masha escapes her prison in a surfboard shack and finds
Bryan, who is crazily driving a jeep stolen from Brick after he
tried to kill Bryan. Masha is in shock, terrified with the
thought that she killed Bryan too. Masha's father Vlatko (aka
Vadik) (Ken Davitian) marries her to Bryan to get her a green
card, under the condition that Bryan cannot touch her. Masha,
heartbroken, continues her old life taking dance lessons. Masha,
using the distraction, grabs Brick's gun and shoots him in the
back: he falls off the cliff, taking Bryan with him. Masquerade
for Money becomes a ratings triumph. Masquerading as an
enthusiastic rival dealer, she manipulates Flandrin into offering
Jeff a much better deal than he had ever expected. Massimo
reveals that he couldn't go ahead with the wedding knowing that
Mary was not in love with him and actually in love with Steve.
Master thief Max Burdett (Pierce Brosnan) and his beautiful
accomplice, Lola Cirillo (Salma Hayek), steal the second of three
famous diamonds, known as the Napoleon diamonds, from FBI Agent
Stanley Lloyd (Woody Harrelson). Math teacher ms Norbury, whom
the Burn Book defamed as a drug dealer, makes the girls face the
terrible way they all treat each other, confess their
transgressions, and apologize to each other and the teachers.
Matilda's husband Horace (Guy Kibbee) meets a showgirl named
Mabel (Joan Blondell), who's been stranded in Troy when her show
folds, and connives her way into sleeping in Horace's train
compartment as a way to get back home. Matt (Adam Scott) who Jake
thinks is the most boring guy in the world. Matt Cole (Frank
Lovejoy), a photographer from Life Magazine who loves Agatha,
believes her feeling for Merrill is simply an unresolved holdover
from her girlhood and follows her to the school. Matt Stifler,
the younger brother of Steve Stifler, is eager to enter the
family business of making porn films so he can prove himself to
his older brother. Matt Sullivan (Josh Hartnett) and his
roommate, Ryan (Paulo Costanzo), are co-workers at a San
Francisco dot-com company. Matt agrees and meets Jenny for a
candlelit dinner at his apartment, under the pretense of wanting
to resume their relationship. Matt and Barry are left holding
their girlfriends' purses and clothes, and leave to have a beer
together. Matt and Elyse later are attracted to each other and
share a kiss while watching clouds in the sky. Matt and Kitty
become a couple, but when Kitty learns about Mae's meddling and
her plans to maneuver a commitment-averse Matt into proposing,
she ends their friendship. Matt conspires with his nerdy
roommate, Ernie, to film the other band members in a bid called
'Bandeez Gone Wild', using hidden cameras. Matt finds closure
with Tom by finally speaking with him and asking him if he would
pass his proposal up to one of his superiors. Matt finds
difficulty in getting back into the dating game and finds himself
constantly avoiding awkward run-ins with Tom. Matt finds out that
Richard has decided to take a trip and is able to manipulate
affairs so that Margaret will travel with him. Matt is initially
disgruntled by the idea but soon agrees to it, interested in the
notorious sexual behavior of band camp girls (citing Jim's
marriage and sex life with Michelle as an example). Matt is
obsessed with his ex-girlfriend, Nicole (Vinessa Shaw), and his
obsession repeatedly causes him problems during attempted one-
night stands. Matt is recovering from a devastating break up with
his partner of six years, Tom, who is a rising comic book
publisher. Matt is there with several of his rowdy teammates and
instantly becomes attracted to the surfer. Matt later offers a
deal of showing them his film 'Bandeez gone wild' in exchange of
deleting his uniform photo. Matt meets Erica (Shannyn Sossamon),
a cyber nanny, and they begin to date. Matt refuses and makes
plans to leave the city. Matt says he cannot give the couple his
blessing however; he fears that Joanna will be hurt by the
prejudice that she and John will surely encounter. Matt's co-
workers make many unsuccessful attempts to persuade him to have
sex in order to win the pool, and as the days pass Matt's
obsession with sex grows. Matt's golf buddy Monsignor Mike Ryan
(Cecil Kellaway), a Catholic priest, stops by after Matt earlier
cancelled on playing golf. Matt, wounded by what he thought was
Jenna's betrayal of him, is getting married the next day. Matters
are straightened up at home and she is sent back to school in
disgrace. Matters aren't helped when Bryce's wise but stubborn
grandfather takes a fond liking to Juli and pesters Bryce to be
friends with her—he doesn't seem to understand Bryce's annoyance
with the girl. Matters become complicated when Carter Brooks
(Barrie), an old friend of the family, announces to Bab that he
knows her new found friend and promises to bring him to a party
so Bab can meet him. Matters become complicated when a news
article about Oscar and Peter's supposed relationship is
published in a newspaper, leaving Oscar in the increasingly
frustrating position of having to fend off advances from various
gay men while convincing his friends and family that he is simply
pretending to be gay. Matters get worse when Mary's boss,
lecherous Harrington Hubbell (Robert Benchley), tries to invite
her out for dinner, and Jack's would-be "patron", a lonely,
libidinous, rich older woman Elise Peabody Willington Smythe
(Laura Hope Crews), tries to maintain her monopoly over Jack.
Matters get worse when Richard sees Greta and Karl with Emma and
Patrick, who is posing as Richard, but Richard agrees to go along
with it when he learns that Greta thinks Patrick will charm Karl
so much that Karl will decide to continue business with
"Richard". Matters reach a head when it appears that Ernest and
Anne are about to run away together. Matthew Taylor (Shemar
Moore), a father, author, and relationship expert is on a book
tour promoting his new best-selling book, The Bounce Back.
Matthew and Jennifer have sex on the beach. Matthew and Victor
decide to go to Rio with their daughters. Matthew and this
unknown woman have sex in the dark. Matthew bites off part of
Crick's tongue. Matthew confronts Alison at a casino, where she
is gambling with Terence and Jeremy. Matthew introduces Rod and
Dora, and Arlene and Wendy hook up. Matthew is attacked by Wendy
(Larisa Oleynik), until she recognizes him as a high school
classmate. Matthew is nervous about talking to girls. Matthew
puts an advertisement in the school newspaper asking the girl
he's seeking to meet him in the basement on a Thursday night.
Matthew stresses it can never happen again. Matthew tries to save
Patty, but is hurt by Crick. Matthew tries to talk Jennifer into
ending their relationship, but she is determined to never give
him up. Matthew ultimately discloses to his friend that it was he
with whom Jennifer had the affair. Matthew's life is turned
upside down when he inadvertently falls for Kristin and has to
face the painful truth of his past relationship. Matthew's
marriage is not going well for reasons not explained. Matthew,
meanwhile, tries to find more information on the ranch she has
inherited, which makes him suspect her of scheming Jeremy all the
more. Matty is rich, well-meaning and fun, but is also immature
and insensitive, and continues to have casual affairs with other
women. Matty tries to do better in Lisa's eyes, promising to
consider seeing fewer women on the side. Maude's 80th birthday
arrives and Harold throws a surprise party for her. Maura
believes that Freddie has reunited with Sophie when he appears
and convinces her otherwise. Maura has left the hotel with Wilson
and Molly. Maura is shown to be in debt and facing eviction from
her house which lead her to the rash decision to marry Wilson.
Maura then manages to convince the immigration detectives that
her marriage to Wilson is real. Maurey decides to have an
abortion in a distant hospital, and by accident, runs into her
mother and the baseball coach who is also there with the same
intent. Maurey moves to Lydia's and Sam's house, since her father
banishes her from his house. Maurice decides to play matchmaker,
telling the police that his employer is a notorious criminal
wanted in Rome. Mauricio argues with Anna regarding having
children, Roxanna reveals that shes not a star and can barely
make ends meet. Mauricio confesses he was jealous of Hal's
happiness and is afraid to start a relationship with a woman.
Mauricio confesses to Hal the truth about Robbins' hypnotherapy,
but Hal does not believe until he runs into a woman who initially
appeared beautiful to him but whom Hal now sees in her true,
unattractive state. Mauricio is vehemently against this and tries
to get some support from Jesse, whose response is similar to his
father's, which angers Mauricio further. Mauricio phones Hal, who
is on a date with Rosemary, and says the trigger phrase, which
serves to break Hal's hypnosis. Mauricio, worried about Hal's new
taste in women, convinces Robbins to give him the trigger phrase
to undo the hypnosis. Maury bans Zach from the Slocum house and
seeing Beth, but Zach continues to sneak in. Maury catches them,
knocks Zach unconscious, and takes Beth. Maury picks up Zach and
tells him that Beth is extremely upset, insisting that Zach tell
her that he lied about her death and promise to be with her
forever; Zach reluctantly agrees. Max Herschel, the married,
wealthy, vulgar, egotistical, middle-aged head of a corporate
empire, is satisfied with the somewhat casual love/hate
relationship he shares with his mistress and protegee, television
producer "Bones" Burton, just as it is, but she wants a more
serious commitment. Max Tracey is the head waiter at a London
hotel. Max and Lola then fly to Paradise Island in The Bahamas.
Max and Maria begin dating due to their shared passion in
fishing, while her mother Francesca (Ann Morgan Guilbert) dates
John's father (Burgess Meredith). Max asks about Nigel's art in
the conference room, which Fanny has a copy of in her restaurant.
Max becomes enamoured with the beautiful, feisty café owner
Fanny, who is rumoured to have sworn off men. Max can’t make it
to diner because his rehearsal runs out. Max concedes that his
nemesis has won this time, and is simply happy to live out his
life with Lola, watching sunsets. Max encourages Henry to become
an actor in the theater's current production of The Cherry
Orchard by Chekhov, to assist Max, "volunteering" to work in the
theater, in getting access to the tunnel. Max entreats her for
forgiveness and she relents. Max escapes and joins Leslie to
rescue the others. Max finds his uncle's memoirs, which contain
proof of Christie's heritage. Max gets separated in an attempt to
hide his attentions to the maid from the father and ultimately
finds his way back to the main house where he finds the maid on
the father's lap. Max gets updates on office politics from his
assistant Gemma, who warns him of the ambitious antics of other
employees. Max has two toes amputated. Max invalidates the
estate's sale with the farewell letter he gave to Christie, which
he forged, along with real photos confirming Christie as Henry's
daughter with a valid claim to the estate  (as a child Max signed
cheques for his uncle, and is able to replicate his handwriting
and signature). Max is concerned that she might lay claim to the
estate and brusquely interrogates her during dinner at the Duflot
house. Max is forced to bunk with Stan, and they share their
thoughts about each other's lives. Max is touched by the apology,
and reveals that he is actually Michelle, also a zerophiliac. Max
leaves, but on the day of Donna's abortion, he arrives at her
home with flowers and asks if he can accompany her to her
procedure. Max marries Maria, and on the way to their honeymoon,
discover Max's one-eyed bulldog, Lucky, in the car with them. Max
must have surgery. Max pronounces Westley to be merely "mostly
dead", and returns him to life (out of a desire to get back at
Humperdinck), though Westley remains partially paralyzed and
weak. Max reacts with outrage, and the father reveals the
deception. Max survives and tells Lola to get the diamond. Max
tells him: "You were the last person I thought would ever come
through for me". Max tracks Donna down at the bookstore where she
works and they have the first of several awkward conversations.
Max tries to defend his action by explaining it as art. Max's
uncle suggests the eldest daughter as a good match, but she fears
that Max will be more interested in her younger sister. Max,
however, is not a man to accept defeat in any of his endeavors,
and he retaliates with a vengeance. Maxl gives him the money.
Maxl loaned him 900,000 francs (which he embezzled), and Victor
has not repaid anything. May overhears and invites people to her
birthday party, intending it to be a going-away party for Johnny.
Maya correctly guesses that "Emily" is her mother. Maya is happy
to have figured out the story, but she realizes that her father
still loves April: he changed the name of her mother, Sarah, to
Emily in the story, and the name of Natasha to Summer, but he did
not change April's name. Maya makes Will have an epiphany,
realizing that he is miserable without April. Maya states that it
is unfortunate that the story has a sad ending, but Will explains
that the story has a happy ending: Maya. Maybe if Bruno, with the
help of his best pal Blake, can score tickets and give Caroline a
night to remember, he can keep this miracle alive. Mayberry's
wife Sue (Merle Oberon) has indeed divorced him, although she
still loves him. Mayme, however, is not granted a promotion, but
gets heavily criticized for constantly being late at work by the
head of personnel, Miss Streeter (Edna May Oliver). Mayor Harris
wishes him well, warning him to run and says he will tell mrs
Walker about Darryl. Mayor Harris, who refused Minelli's attempts
at bribery, attempts to bring in outside money to pay the IOUs
the city has been giving its workers. McKay finally manages to
leave safely by putting on a woman's dress. McKay invites himself
to do the same. McKay swings trapeze-like on a rope, catching her
hands in mid-fall and depositing her safely on a ledge. McKeever
"allows" Mike to move in, but treats him as a servant. McKeever
takes them to court, arguing that Laura was an unlicensed,
illegal lobbyist; but, when she is forced to admit on the stand
that she had another, romantic, reason for seeing him, the case
is dropped. McKeever uses these votes to replace the entire
Board. McKeever winds up taking in homeless ex-GI. McKenna tells
her that he thinks she is beautiful and a relationship is still
an option. McKinley reveals that it was then that he met with the
third kind&nbsp;— those who die with a smile on their face.
McKinley, in his diary, states that he had met two type of people
in his life, those who died without uttering a sound and those
who died with lots of anguish, crying over their deaths.
McNugent, best friends since fifth grade and Neil Diamond fans
throughout, form a Neil Diamond tribute band called "Diamonds in
the Rough". Me and My Gal was directed by Raoul Walsh, one of the
great craftsmen of the studio system—and also the brother of
George Walsh, who plays the villain. Meanwhile Alain has managed
to get on the countryside by foot and calls for Claire to help
him. Meanwhile Ben is inspired by what Holly told him about her
mother, and with Holly's help, Jean and Ben finally meet and Jean
finds her 'perfect man' at last. Meanwhile Cécile has reached
Manise over the phone and tells him that Agnès is sick. Meanwhile
Dawn Dailey, having failed to snare Captain Spratt, decides to
marry Wendover. Meanwhile Maura is shown to be marrying an
illegal immigrant Wilson for which she will receive €9,000.
Meanwhile Nicole's life continues to unravel, racked by feelings
of guilt over the death of her former lover ten years earlier.
Meanwhile Ryan is distracted by Tenley and feels a lot of
pressure from scouts, family, the Parrish family, and friends.
Meanwhile Sophie is shown to be in Dublin in a pub with some
working class girls who support her decision to run away as they
believe Freddie to be a lecherous villain. Meanwhile The Toad, in
Steve's car, and John, in his yellow 1932 Deuce Coupé hot rod,
cruise the strip of Modesto. Meanwhile at the hospital Alain
tells Georges about the person who is tailing him but Georges
reassures him, Alain changes his will: the money for the Cancer
Research fund is increased. Meanwhile dr Colinet has reported
Alain's disappearance to Manise. Meanwhile in Beverly Hills,
Terry Barkley, genius flautist is also heading towards the beach
in her Excalibur Phateon car. Meanwhile in his office Alain has a
sudden spasm and begins dictating his ever growing symptoms in
his recorder, he leaves the office (which Claire reports to
Cécile, who has been keeping a record of all his comings and
goings) and goes to the park where he meets Louise, who tells her
father that Henry dumped her because she cheated on him.
Meanwhile in present day, Mike and Slim go to find Roland for his
wedding, when they get a call from Tanya (Tamala Jones) saying
that she has him with her and that he is very drunk. Meanwhile
postmistress Hearn and Tapper compare notes and Hearn decides she
should marry him after all and she goes to his house with Tapper.
Meanwhile, Abby is fed up with Gidget and decides to take her
down a notch by spreading a wanton rumor about her. Meanwhile,
Ace Crosby (Mitchell Harris), an angry Arizona gambler, wants to
shoot Wattles for representing his wife in a previous divorce
case. Meanwhile, Ajay Singh Rathod (R. Meanwhile, Akpors gambling
spree has gone sour and after deciding to leave with his winning,
he is threatened with a gun by one of the gamblers. Meanwhile,
Alain is taking Vincent to the hospital but when he sees dr
Colinet, he goes bezerk and crashes Vincent into the wall and
beats Georges until the orderlies finally stop him. Meanwhile,
Albert's producers are warning him not to attempt his musical
remake of Gone with the Wind, which he is calling Atlanta.
Meanwhile, Alejandro and his fiancée Missy are meeting with
Father Moinighan, the priest who will be marrying them.
Meanwhile, Alex and Grace go to a hotel room where they make love
for the first time. Meanwhile, Alicia and George find themselves
falling for each other. Meanwhile, Alison is spending a boring
night with Jason when she drags him to the same mixer for some
fun. Meanwhile, Allegra caters at a party, which turns out to be
Samantha's engagement party. Meanwhile, Amanda Woods (Cameron
Diaz), a workaholic in Los Angeles who owns a company that
produces movie trailers, discovers that her boyfriend, Ethan
Ebbers (Edward Burns), has been cheating on her with his 24-year-
old secretary. Meanwhile, Amanda realizes she's falling for
Harold and begins digging for information about him. Meanwhile,
Amelia goes to see Bill at the video store where she learns that
he is dating his ex. Meanwhile, Amy Partlett (Karen Black),
Bernard's grade school classmate who now works in his father's
office, confesses to Bernard that she has a crush on him.
Meanwhile, Amy has been calling Bernard's rooming house all night
looking for him. Meanwhile, Amy informs Stavros that Nikko has
joined choir and Stavros confronts Nikko in front of the members
of Spectacular. Meanwhile, Anderson is feeling guilty as when he
is accidentally knocked unconscious he talks to his former
girlfriend, the late Vanessa, promising to be ever faithful.
Meanwhile, Andrew Sr. Meanwhile, Andy discovers to his horror
that the smell of Amy permeates the room even after she's gone.
Meanwhile, Angela's neighbor tells her she's been hearing sexual
noises from the house when Angela is not home. Meanwhile, Angie
is being pressured by her older brothers, played by Herschel
Bernardi and Harvey Lembeck, to marry the unappealing cook
Anthony (Tom Bosley). Meanwhile, Anisha is shown pulling a pin
out of a voodoo doll, which signifies that Chuck is freed from
the curse and has finally gotten the girl of his dreams.
Meanwhile, Annabel has refused to eat anything while Julia is in
the house, but Julia continues to outsmart and "befriends her,
along with Rodgers, a prospective business partner. Meanwhile,
Annie sees the skyscraper from the Rainbow Room where she is
dining with Walter and confesses her doubts to him, amicably
ending their engagement. Meanwhile, Arthur, Adrian and Sam sneak
off to do some poaching; Miranda joins them, and after much
searching, they catch a large salmon. Meanwhile, Audrey tells
Conrad that the reason she wants to attend Middleton is so she
can be mentored by Middleton's acclaimed professor Roland Emerson
(Tom Skerritt). Meanwhile, Barbara Davenport, the colonel's
fiancée, takes an understandable dislike to Miranda. Meanwhile,
Beca tries to apologize to Jesse, which he declines. Meanwhile,
Bianca becomes frustrated by Nick's odd behavior (especially the
non-consummation of their marriage) and calls in a psychiatrist,
dr Kohlmar (Pedro de Cordoba). Meanwhile, Bianca ignores Cameron
in favor of Joey, leaving Cameron dejected. Meanwhile, Blair
becomes irate when he discovers that after he got his ex-wife to
agree to a lump sum settlement, she promptly married another
wealthy magnate. Meanwhile, Blake visits at the gym and engages
in an intense physical fight, dodging weights and gym equipment
thrown by the drunken and drug-crazed Eriksen. Meanwhile, Blane,
pressured by Steff, begins distancing himself from Andie.
Meanwhile, Bloom and Penelope are becoming attracted to one
another, but Stephen warns Bloom that the con will fail if he
actually falls in love with Penelope. Meanwhile, Boney gets out
and locks Jack up. Meanwhile, Brad spends some time at his own
father's house with just his father and realises that he wants a
marriage and children, and that he loves Kate way too much to
leave her. Meanwhile, Brian is involved in his own test of faith
as he struggles with his feelings for Anna despite his vows.
Meanwhile, Brian tells Julian that he knows some investors who
can help with the school's funding. Meanwhile, Britney's friends
and now downsized ex-employers, Robyn (Delain) and Tiffany
(Liebert), are also plotting. Meanwhile, Brodie andS. Meanwhile,
Brooke has Gary kicked off their "couples-only" bowling team, and
starts dating other men in an attempt to make Gary jealous.
Meanwhile, Bud accidentally finds out about Sheldrake and Fran.
Meanwhile, Buttercup has several nightmares regarding her
marriage to the prince. Meanwhile, Cady begins to have a crush on
Regina's ex-boyfriend, Aaron Samuels, whom a jealous Regina
proceeds to steal back at a Halloween party in front of Cady.
Meanwhile, Caesar informs the local police that Ace is on the
island illegally. Meanwhile, Carl is being continually stressed
out from work, though he and Molly find time to go out for
dinner. Meanwhile, Charles tries to teach Waldo to stand up for
himself so that he can regain Irene's regard, but with little
luck. Meanwhile, Chase's "non-conformist" girlfriend, Dulcie (Ali
Larter) dumps him for not joining her in animal rights activism.
Meanwhile, Chloe and Charlie attend a boring dinner party, then
leave early to adjourn to Charlie's apartment. Meanwhile, Chris
and Mitch remove circuits that prevent the laser from
overheating. Meanwhile, Chris goes to Clark's medical office to
get advice, saying that "the timing wasn't right" and Jamie and
Chris's history hinders his willingness to have sex with her.
Meanwhile, Christine's work is rejected by a contemporary art
museum, but then later accepted by the curator, who turns out to
be the woman who was instant messaging with the brothers.
Meanwhile, Connie is very happy with David and intends to marry
him. Meanwhile, Cristina becomes restless and at some point
decides to leave Juan Antonio and María Elena; without her, their
relationship quickly falls apart again. Meanwhile, Crystal's
admirer, the wealthy and generous (if disreputable) Sir Charles
Cartwright (Alan Mowbray), shows up. Meanwhile, Daniel meets
Carol (Claudia Schiffer), the mother of one of Sam's schoolmates.
Meanwhile, Danielle dresses as a noblewoman and leaves to buy
back Maurice (Walter Sparrow), whom the Baroness has sold to pay
her debts. Meanwhile, Danielle serves her stepmother, Marguerite
(Megan Dodds), and Jacqueline (Melanie Lynskey) in her home.
Meanwhile, Daphne and Osgood dance the tango ("La Cumparsita")
till dawn. Meanwhile, David's womanizing friend Mike gets drunk
one night and mistakenly believes he has slept with a man, and
afterwards makes several awkward attempts to come out of the
closet, even though he is not really gay. Meanwhile, Dean is
around Henry a lot, helping him build a ramp for Sam‘s
wheelchair, and taking Henry dancing and to the mountains.
Meanwhile, Debbie visits her gynecologist (Tim Bagley), and
discovers that she is pregnant. Meanwhile, Deborah enters
Praetorius's life, displaying signs of emotional distress.
Meanwhile, Delilah and Chance are walking in the park. Meanwhile,
Denise and Kenny end up getting locked inside a bathroom, where
they talk about their old friendship and how they had drifted
apart; their conversation leads to the restoration of their
friendship and escalates into them having sex. Meanwhile, Deuce
is being stalked by Detective Chuck Fowler, who demands Antoine's
"black book" of clients and threatens to take Deuce to jail if he
does not comply. Meanwhile, Dick is at the airport. Meanwhile,
Dominguez finally gives into his house mother, which in turn
helps his game on the field. Meanwhile, Don has enlisted in the
army, and Jane goes to see him to explain what happened.
Meanwhile, Donnie finds out from Aunt Bam that Kimberly is his
real mother: she had him when she was 12 years old after having
been raped. Meanwhile, Dorothy has her own admirers to contend
with: older cast member John Van Horn (George Gaynes) and Julie's
widowed father Les (Charles Durning). Meanwhile, Doug finally
manages to pull Scott aside and tells him the real story — Doug
never danced at the competition because Barry convinced Shirley
the only way to win was to dance the conventional steps with Les,
but Shirley and Les lost the contest anyway. Meanwhile, Dovi
(Liev Schreiber), who works for Shomrim, a Williamsburg, Brooklyn
neighborhood patrol, becomes suspicious and follows Murray.
Meanwhile, Duke receives a note from Sal, and thinking he's
McGurk, Sal plays up to him, allowing Lebec to take his hat and
the map. Meanwhile, Eileen decides to see if she can have some
fun for herself in New York, and seems to find the perfect
candidate in Mike (Taylor), a man she meets on the bus.
Meanwhile, Eliza endures speech tutoring, endlessly repeating
phrases like "In Hertford, Hereford and Hampshire, hurricanes
hardly ever happen” (initially, the only "h" she aspirates is in
"hever") and "The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain" (to
practice the "long a" phoneme). Meanwhile, Elliot has landed the
title role in an off-off-Broadway production of Richard III, but
the director, Mark (Paul Benedict), wants him to play the
character as an exaggerated stereotype of a homosexual, in Mark's
words, "the queen who wanted to be king". Meanwhile, Erika and
Phoebe are arrested during a raid designed to catch Germans
without proper identification papers at the Lorelei, the
nightclub where Erika performs. Meanwhile, Estelle finds the
couple embracing and the wedding is called off. Meanwhile, Evelyn
(Rivera) is an uptight and tough Brand Manager who hires an
assistant Brand Manager. Meanwhile, Facilier makes a deal with
the voodoo spirits, offering them the souls of the people of New
Orleans in exchange for finding Naveen. Meanwhile, Frank's boss
Preston Rhinelander has hired Brice Cummings, who is
transparently after Frank's job. Meanwhile, Franky meets the
slick-talking Marty Sanderson (John Miljan) when he comes into
the store to buy $500 worth of towels. Meanwhile, Gabe has
developed a friendship with a young student of his, Rain, and has
her read the manuscript for his working novel. Meanwhile, Gail
comes to Ramona's hotel room for "closure" about anything bad
between them that happened in the past. Meanwhile, George becomes
increasingly jealous when he learns that Larry in New York is
attracted to Jane and has proposed marriage to her. Meanwhile,
Gerry's coach tries to seduce Maggie, but she rebuffs him.
Meanwhile, Gigi substitutes his (much better) forgery, and the
new experts are satisfied it is genuine. Meanwhile, Gloria tends
to Jeremy's wounds and reveals to him that she is not as innocent
or inexperienced as she initially let on. Meanwhile, Grace and
Gerry get closer, while Maggie finds herself attracted to Gerry's
coach. Meanwhile, Graham confesses his love for Amanda on the
night before she is scheduled to depart, but Amanda is still
doubtful that a long-distance relationship will work. Meanwhile,
Grant and Julia leave in a horse and carriage. Meanwhile, Gus has
ridiculously convinced himself that he is a direct descendant of
Alexander the Great and wants an online ancestry site to confirm
this. Meanwhile, Gus, Stevie, and Jonah realize that hosting
parties could be their job. Meanwhile, Guy and Chloe are at the
railway station waiting to go to Paris on a romantic trip.
Meanwhile, Gwen is shocked to discover her father Saul never
loved her mother Beebee and is devastated when the two decide to
divorce. Meanwhile, Hank Elkrunner, a Blackfoot, falls for the
feckless Lydia, while her dictatorial dad keeps tabs on them all
from afar. Meanwhile, Harold's father decides to set him up with
an "interesting-looking" psychic named Lulu (Yeardley Smith).
Meanwhile, Harold's mother is determined, against Harold's
wishes, to find him a wife. Meanwhile, Harry (Joseph Bologna)
tutors the newly widowed Jack (Len Cariou) in the related skills
of cooking and courtship. Meanwhile, Henry finds himself falling
for the production's mercurial leading lady, Julie. Meanwhile,
Iris is enjoying her stay at Amanda's house. Meanwhile, Jake is
talked into taking Sherry to see Doctor Zhivago. Meanwhile, Jake,
who has formed a crush on a girl in his class, runs away upset
when he discovers that she prefers another boy just because he
has a ponytail. Meanwhile, Jamison proposes to Dianne. Meanwhile,
Jane encounters her boyfriend at her retail job and is nearly
caught having sex with him in the changing rooms. Meanwhile,
Jane's sister Tess (Malin Åkerman) arrives from Europe and falls
in love with Jane's boss George (Edward Burns) at first sight.
Meanwhile, Jason begins to produce a rendition of The Taming of
the Shrew. Meanwhile, Jeff tracks down Liz (Jenica Bergere), his
fling from his teenage years; although she is not as attractive
as his memories of her younger self, they reconnect and sleep
together. Meanwhile, Jenn is concerned with the stunted life she
is living, treated as an underling at her yoga studio. Meanwhile,
Jess learns Jago must go away to work on an oil-rig to pay for
their IVF treatments. Meanwhile, Jim has decided to tell Joan who
he is. Meanwhile, Jimmy is summoned to the office of Peter
Pedigrew (Rudy Vallee), the "Jukebox King". Meanwhile, Jimmy's
attempts to talk to Millie are continually thwarted by no-
nonsense head stenographer Miss Flannary (Cavada Humphrey).
Meanwhile, Joe Bruno has also headed to Reno, and is being
represented in court by Wattles. Meanwhile, Joe Santo and Dougie
Stewart pose together on stage, to the theme song from the film
'Exodus' and the enthusiastic applause of the crowd. Meanwhile,
John attempts to court Claire, the maid of honor, but is
interrupted by her hotheaded boyfriend, Sack Lodge (Bradley
Cooper), who is unfaithful and disrespectful behind her back.
Meanwhile, John has fallen in love with Georgia. Meanwhile, John
is enjoying his marriage to new wife Ariel (Ann-Margret).
Meanwhile, Jonathan is unable to sell his music, and he finds
himself jealous of his wife's success. Meanwhile, Josh attempts
to discourage Chloe's attraction to Guy, and she admits she is
and has always been still in love with him, lamenting that Josh
never stopped her from leaving and insisting that their current
circumstances are impossible, that they cannot see each other
anymore. Meanwhile, Josh lands a date with Amy, and she says that
Saturday is her day off. Meanwhile, Josh's father has what the
family thinks is a heart attack. Meanwhile, Julia is judged
worthy to move on. Meanwhile, Julia observes that Susan has
strong feelings about lovestruck painter Ritchie Lorgan (Peter
Lawford), though he is not her fiancé. Meanwhile, Julia remains
skeptical of William's restored love, unable to forget the past.
Meanwhile, Julie's close friend Gwen (Marge Champion) has a
secret crush on Marty and hopes to be with him, if only Julie
could make her up mind as to who she wants. Meanwhile, Karenin is
comforted by Countess Lidia Ivanovna, an enthusiast of religious
and mystic ideas fashionable with the upper classes. Meanwhile,
Kate becomes friends with John's brother Scott (Penn Badgley),
better known as "The Other Tucker". Meanwhile, Kate is on a blind
date that is not going well. Meanwhile, Kate's mother and Scott
both discover the plan and lament the change in Kate's behavior.
Meanwhile, Katie has discovered that Ben is actually Richard’s
son. Meanwhile, Katie's parents know where they're headed and
make their way there, stopping to rob the Tuxedo Depot in
preparation for the wedding. Meanwhile, Kelsi writes a ballad for
Troy and Gabriella. Meanwhile, Ken discovers Meg is pregnant, but
is eager to help raise her child. Meanwhile, Kevin shows up at
Sarahs apartment and wants to date her again. Meanwhile, Kid's
former high school rivals Stab, Zilla and Pee Wee take jobs as
campus security in order to make Kid's life miserable one more
time as Kid tries to balance work and study along with his
relationship with Sydney. Meanwhile, Kitty places a love note
addressed to her in a conspicuous place with a lock of red hair
and leaves the house. Meanwhile, Kralik arrives at the Cafe
Nizza, where he discovers that his mystery woman, with the red
carnation as planned, is in fact Klara Novak. Meanwhile, Lady
sees that Scamp left the doghouse and alerts Tramp and their
family. Meanwhile, Lady, Tramp, Jock and Trusty, search for him.
Meanwhile, Lansford hopes to gain tycoon John Dillingwell's
(Walter Connolly) business for his public relations firm, and
uses his position at Buckley's paper to drum up good press for
Dillingwell. Meanwhile, Lelaina's relationship with Michael
dissolves after he helps her sell the documentary to his network,
only to let them edit it into a stylized montage that she feels
compromises her artistic vision. Meanwhile, Les' extremely
pregnant mother, late in the night, wakes up her husband,
shouting that she is in labor. Meanwhile, Lester takes over his
father's porno empire. Meanwhile, Leticia finds herself attracted
to Orlando Castillo, who coaches baseball at her school, when she
begins to receive passionate love letters she believes are from
him, unaware they actually were written by her students.
Meanwhile, Lloyd turns himself into an apparently middle-aged
professor, mr Lloyd (Sal Viscuso), and starts working at the same
high school as a teacher. Meanwhile, Loco becomes acquainted with
a grumpy businessman (Fred Clark). Meanwhile, Lois's husband,
Fred, is having an affair with Anna Le Maire (Claire Dodd).
Meanwhile, Lord Rockburn is informed that a private detective he
has on the case has uncovered the identity of his wife's lover.
Meanwhile, Lou shows the letter to George's wife, Connie, and
proposes that they expose the adulterers. Meanwhile, Louis (Peter
Frechette), one of the T-Birds, attempts to trick his sweetheart
Sharon (Maureen Teefy), one of the Pink Ladies and Stephanie's
friends into losing her virginity to him by taking her to a
fallout shelter and faking a nuclear attack ("Let's Do It for Our
Country"). Meanwhile, Lucky is pestered by "Genius" (Elisha Cook,
Jr), a struggling painter. Meanwhile, Lucy's novel becomes a
runaway success, allowing her to buy and move into Albert's
former mansion, and she begins to morph into a diva. Meanwhile,
Ludo's best friend Moritz desperately tries to get more
successful with women, and ends up in a number of absurd
situations. Meanwhile, Lynn cannot bring herself to have an
abortion, she abandons Chris, and moves in with a high school
boyfriend who agrees to marry her and raise the baby as his own.
Meanwhile, Maggie tries in vain to convince Miles to forgive her.
Meanwhile, Manuel has hopelessly been in love with a club hostess
named Cecilia. Meanwhile, Marcelo feels jealous about Conrado,
who feels attracted by Tati and learns that his theory is not
correct. Meanwhile, Marcus confronts Kiko for always being the
better of the two of them and a fight ensues, broken up by their
father and his wife. Meanwhile, Margie's father arrives for her
wedding. Meanwhile, Marion wrestles with her own insecurities
about love, relationships, and her impulsive nature. Meanwhile,
Mark's enemy Brad Kessler (Rob Lowe) pursues Anna romantically,
motivated by Mark's success. Meanwhile, Martha has begun to fall
in love with Gary. Meanwhile, Martin is being stalked by Felix
LaPoubelle, who attempts to kill Martin in the convenience store
that stands in place of his childhood home. Meanwhile, Marty
presented his pitch to Renegade Komiks. Meanwhile, Mary's mother
persuades her to reconsider. Meanwhile, Mary, Keisha and Shauna
meet up for the city finals, having found an abysmal replacement
for Izzy with Shauna's cousin Alberna, who is practically blind.
Meanwhile, Matt meets a divorced, newly out, gay father, Scott,
who buys comic books at his store. Meanwhile, Max is now able to
focus his entire attention on Fanny. Meanwhile, McGeachy
(Belcher), who was a witness at the wedding, explains everything.
Meanwhile, Meg has a change of heart and decides to have a child
via sperm donor. Meanwhile, Merton Kibble (Red Skelton), a writer
of pulp fiction adventure stories but suffering from severe
writer's block, is on the same ship and soon he finds himself
embroiled in Tallulah's real-life adventure. Meanwhile, Michael
denies to the press that he has even met Theodora. Meanwhile,
Midge reads a newspaper article about a "blonde gun-moll" wanted
in connection with a diamond robbery and thinks Barbara is her.
Meanwhile, Mikey wanders off on his own, searching for James when
he sees a taxi cab outside. Meanwhile, Minnie Mouse, princess of
France, and her lady-in-waiting, Daisy Duck, are in a palace
discussing Minnie's obsession with finding her "one true love".
Meanwhile, Missy and Alejandro have decided to get married on the
family dock to escape the chaos. Meanwhile, Missy was won over by
the bracelet, and when Drew's assistant informed her that he was
spending Christmas with his family, Missy visits the Valcos'
house with her parents. Meanwhile, Molly sees Simms' unpleasant
side when he arrogantly refuses a child an autograph. Meanwhile,
Nathan goes to Dana's church service to talk to her, but
accidentally broadcasts the explicit and highly personal
conversation to the entire congregation on the church's PA
system. Meanwhile, Naveen and his valet, Lawrence, encounter
voodoo witch doctor dr Facilier. Meanwhile, Nell's father has a
talk with her on the porch about Woody, during which she
confesses she truly likes him, and her father surprises her with
a dress and shoes for the dance. Meanwhile, Nicholas has been
outside Ivan's apartment and does not realize that Judy has left.
Meanwhile, Nick's wife, Connie (Cate Blanchett), seems to become
more and more intrigued by Russell, and Nick becomes increasingly
paranoid that Russell will eventually seek revenge by having sex
with her. Meanwhile, Nickie, waiting for her at the observation
deck at the top of the building, is unaware of the accident and,
after many hours, finally concedes at midnight that she will not
arrive, believing that she has rejected him. Meanwhile, Nicky
wakes up in Heaven as a reward for sacrificing himself and meets
his mother (Reese Witherspoon), an angel who tells him he can
defeat Adrian with the Inner Light he inherited from her.
Meanwhile, Nikko and Flux perform at their audition for the
record deal, but Nikko's heart is not in it and the producers
notice and tell him they are not interested; Stavros says that
Nikko is just warming up, and that he is better than what he is
giving out. Meanwhile, Nina is staying with Constance at a
vacation mansion and is extremely moody. Meanwhile, Nina plots to
get Kenneth drunk, so he will propose to her. Meanwhile, Nora
tells Edward she doesn't count on personal relationships due to
losing both her parents and that her rejection of Edward wasn't
because she didn't love him. Meanwhile, Nuria starts fondling
Jared under the table, and Ellie sees Nuria giving Jared a
handjob. Meanwhile, Patsy tries to discover who "Somebody" is.
Meanwhile, Paul arrives at the jail, bails out the princess, and
accompanies her back to the hotel, where they learn that Veronica
is now the queen of her country. Meanwhile, Payne's fellow
veteran and co-pilot, Bullets Baker (Albert) encourages Payne to
relax and enjoy life. Meanwhile, Pete Sheppard has taken an
apartment adjacent to Gladys, a move which does not seem to rouse
her curiosity, and the two become platonic friends. Meanwhile,
Pete and Debbie are having to deal with Sadie and Charlotte
fighting all the time, which results in arguments between the
family. Meanwhile, Peter has obtained money from his editor to
marry Ellie, but misses her on the road. Meanwhile, Phillip begs
Kay to marry him, but she again postpones her answer. Meanwhile,
Pitka is at the airport, on his way to the Oprah show. Meanwhile,
Preston is at a railway station, about to leave for Boston.
Meanwhile, Priory (Laurence Hardy), another of Pimm's minions,
has gotten himself hired as the chauffeur, to spy on the family.
Meanwhile, Prudence runs into Don at an outdoor cafe near the
American Bookshop. Meanwhile, Quince and his band of six
labourers ("rude mechanicals", as they are described by Puck)
have arranged to perform their play about Pyramus and Thisbe for
Theseus' wedding and venture into the forest, near Titania's
bower, for their rehearsal. Meanwhile, Rachel falls ill with a
skin rash apparently caused by a ritual curse from Nasser's wife,
and decides it is best for all that she and Nasser part ways.
Meanwhile, Rachel tries to live a wild sex life of her own,
dating several men, having group sex, and attending sexy costume
parties, but is consistently left thoroughly unsatisfied by her
experiences. Meanwhile, Red admits to Audrey that he has fallen
in love with Samantha. Meanwhile, Regi goes to her regular
appointment in Allen's suite, but breaks down in tears.
Meanwhile, Richard and Margaret are becoming attracted to each
other, to the discomfiture of Tommy, who sees Richard as a
habitual troublemaker and wants Margaret for himself. Meanwhile,
Richard likewise changes his mind, drawing his gun in the bank
but then fleeing immediately, calling Jane's name. Meanwhile,
Romero falls for Johnny Powell, a dealer at a nearby casino.
Meanwhile, Ronald runs into a middle-aged woman who asks if he is
finally going to introduce her to his family, but he stalls, then
rides away in the tow-vehicle. Meanwhile, Rosie is looking
through a bloopers reel of her old show, when she realizes that
it was filmed at the time that the speeding ticket claimed Adam
had been driving with Brianna, and deduces that the only person
who could have sent it was Jeannie. Meanwhile, Samantha gets
kidnapped by a hit man named Leroy, who tells her that Jerry
hired him to make sure she is safe from anybody that wants her
dead. Meanwhile, Samantha has been approached by an Arab sheikh
to devise a PR campaign for his business. Meanwhile, Samantha
plays a gig at the heavy metal club that Chris sent her to, gets
booed off the stage and assaults a member of the audience.
Meanwhile, Sandy, a self-centered, former teen idol, is trying to
make a comeback by having a documentary filmed about his starring
role as Judas in an amateur production of Jesus Christ Superstar.
Meanwhile, Sarah has connected with Bob Connor. Meanwhile, Scott
tries to kiss Paige and says he is sorry he let her go.
Meanwhile, Sheila puts on a uniform and sets out to deliver the
milk on the last day of the bet. Meanwhile, Shep finds he
literally cannot leave Gillian, because of the spell. Meanwhile,
Showboat has been out looking for Kid & Play for his money but
gets sidetracked briefly by Kid's mischievous cousins. Meanwhile,
Sierra accidentally starts a fire in his home and she and her
siblings end up at the hospital where Social Services are
notified and the children are sent to live with their mother and
her boyfriend, Joe. Meanwhile, Simon's assault and
rehabilitation, coupled with Verdell's preference for Melvin,
causes Simon to lose his creative muse. Meanwhile, Snug learns
that his father has died, leaving him the Dominy farm, and Tony
promises to consult Judge Stillwell about evicting Stretch and
Judith. Meanwhile, Stacy finds Melissa's letter to her and,
thinking that Melissa has left the resort alone in frustration,
immediately returns to LA herself via the 2:00pm bus, not knowing
that Melissa has remained at the resort. Meanwhile, Stiva acts as
a matchmaker with Levin: he arranges a meeting between him and
Kitty, which results in their reconciliation and betrothal.
Meanwhile, Stiva visits Levin on his country estate while selling
a nearby plot of land. Meanwhile, Stiva's childhood friend,
Konstantin Dmitrievich Levin ("Kostya"), arrives in Moscow with
the aim of proposing to Dolly's youngest sister, Princess
Katerina Alexandrovna Shcherbatskaya ("Kitty"). Meanwhile,
Stocker tries to trade his oldest daughter Rosalie (Sandra Dee)
to Yancy for some furs. Meanwhile, Stu notices the pattern of
girls getting married as soon as Chuck has sex with them.
Meanwhile, Sullivan wakes up in the rail yard of another city,
with no memory of who he is or how he got there. Meanwhile,
Sutwell's assistant Marianne further develops her crush on the
Professor. Meanwhile, Suzanna (Ellen Page), Frazer's neighbour,
grows jealous of all the time he spends with Phoebe and tells him
that Phoebe will want to have sex with him in an effort to scare
him. Meanwhile, Sylvester Slazlo (as Victor Lazlo) and his wife
Kitty Ketty (Penelope Pussycat as Ilsa) arrive at the club.
Meanwhile, Ta-da, who are also at the club, performs their song
"Lonely Love Song". Meanwhile, Tamahine has trouble adjusting to
the puzzling social mores of her new home, exasperating Charles,
but also making him start to question his own joyless existence.
Meanwhile, Ted decides he still wants to reconnect with Mary and,
assisted by Dom, drives down to Florida and discovers the truth
about her. Meanwhile, Timmy's schoolteacher, Denzel Crocker,
teams up with an oil tycoon by the name of Hugh Magnate in order
to kidnap Timmy's fairies and use their magic for their own
purposes. Meanwhile, Tish has met Tadd, and greatly enjoys her
time with him, though she thinks it odd that he is almost
inseparable from his friend Brad. Meanwhile, Tod crash lands in
the sewers where he is eaten alive (offscreen) by the Lub-Lubs.
Meanwhile, Tom's friend, newspaper publisher Samuel Litchfield
(Frank Conroy), complains to Elwood about Tom's involvement with
Mary, a mere switchboard operator. Meanwhile, Tom's unrequited
high school crush, Julie DeMarco (Gwyneth Paltrow), re-enters his
life. Meanwhile, Toula tries to go on a date with Ian to try to
rekindle their romance, but are unsuccessfully caught kissing in
their car in the street by their family. Meanwhile, Trent goes to
Alonzo's office to confront him. Meanwhile, Uncle Phil is trying
to prove his love to Rose, after a man who owns a fancy car that
supposedly needs many tune-ups tries to sweep her away.
Meanwhile, Valerie and Ted reconcile and plan to go to Las Vegas
to get married right away. Meanwhile, Van Leemer and Dale Robin
(Christian Kane) get into the new press box with two girls.
Meanwhile, Veronica's traveling companion Countess Zoe (Agnes
Moorehead) is concerned about Veronica wanting to rekindle an old
romance with newspaper columnist Paul MacMillan (Warner
Anderson)—hardly an appropriate match for a princess. Meanwhile,
Victoria Braymore (Joan Caulfield), the youngest professor at
Braymore College, attends a conference in New York to defend the
school against charges that it is outdated and old-fashioned.
Meanwhile, Victoria's parents hear that Victor has been seen in
another woman's arms, and become suspicious. Meanwhile, Viktor
arrives in New York at the hotel where Benny Golson is
performing, and finally collects the last autograph. Meanwhile,
Viktor meets the artist Rosa and begins a relationship, albeit
rocky at first. Meanwhile, Violet starts a relationship with
Winton and receives an assistant professorship at the university,
but becomes upset when she learns she got the job because she was
dating Winton rather than her abilities as a researcher and
breaks up with Winton. Meanwhile, Warren, still alive, tries to
escape but is killed by Chucky. Meanwhile, Wayne tries to hit on
the ghost of girlfriends future, but she magically vanishes after
throwing a drink in his face. Meanwhile, Willoughby is offered a
$5,000 bribe from a rival newspaper to admit the whole thing was
a publicity stunt, but ultimately turns it down and delivers the
speech Mitchell has written for him instead. Meanwhile, Wilma
Slaghoople wants a normal life and activities, like bowling,
despite her controlling mother Pearl, who wants her to marry
smooth casino-owner Chip Rockefeller. Meanwhile, Yolanda quits
the Joy Jumpers, informing Mary that she cared most about
winning. Meanwhile, a bitter Halsey and his friend Packman
formulate a plan to embarrass Santo. Meanwhile, a certain General
Avocado wants to organize a revolution in San Stevedore and comes
to the costume shop to order uniforms; sadly his army flees in
fright without paying at the sound of a child bursting a toy
balloon. Meanwhile, a client, mr Gilbert (George Brent) who is
the editor of Body and Brain magazine continues to fire
secretarial graduates from the Supreme Secretarial School.
Meanwhile, a frustrated Craig tries to convince Mary Tate to see
him for who he really is, and not for his snobbish friends and
ritzy surroundings. Meanwhile, a fully repaired Herbie chauffeurs
the newlywed Jim and Carole away on their honeymoon. Meanwhile, a
group of Chinese monks with high-flying martial arts powers are
in search of the lotus as well, because they believe that
whomever eats its petals will gain infinite powers. Meanwhile, a
lightning storm occurs at Levin's estate while his wife and
newborn son are outdoors and, in his fear for their safety, Levin
realizes that he does indeed love his son as much as he loves
Kitty. Meanwhile, a trio by the name of Jasper (Will Wikle, Brand
Lim, and Isaac Webster) seem to be eager to win the contest by
any means. Meanwhile, a woman who appears to curse things by
wanting to help is dumped by her boyfriend and finds herself flat
broke on the streets of LA. Meanwhile, a worried Denise discovers
what has happened and that Sherman's brain damage has progressed
to almost eighty percent. Meanwhile, across town, a stray mutt
named Tramp lives on his own, dining on scraps from Tony's
restaurant and protecting his friends from the local dogcatcher.
Meanwhile, after a long and difficult labour, Kitty gives birth
to a son, Dmitri, nicknamed "Mitya". Meanwhile, after changing
many planes and finding himself stuck in San Jose, Jack tries
frantically to find a flight to Vegas. Meanwhile, after seeing
Amelia perform at a concert, a distinguished wealthy patron of
the arts, Julius Malette (Charles Winninger), finally accepts the
academy's offer to make him president of the school—an offer
inspired by Julius' wealth and influence. Meanwhile, also aboard
is John Bradley (Clay Clement) and his mistress Elaine Vincent
(Esther Ralston), but Bradley's wife Mary (Erin O'Brien
(actress)) ends up on the train as well. Meanwhile, as Billy
tours the wedding chapel with Diana, he becomes charmed with her
as she explains to him that she moved to Vegas because she was
recently laid off as a tax attorney in Atlanta and always wanted
to sing despite being a divorced empty nester. Meanwhile, as
Claire and Sack plan their wedding, Claire's doubts grow.
Meanwhile, as Michele tastelessly redecorates Duke's apartment,
he gets a telephone call from Field, who defiantly announces that
Jo is now in his care. Meanwhile, as Nuke matures, the
relationship between Annie and Crash grows, until it becomes
obvious that the two of them are a more appropriate match, except
for the fact that Annie and Nuke are currently a couple.
Meanwhile, as he spends more time with her, she begins to realize
how shallow Linda is. Meanwhile, at dinner, Top told his parents
that he already has a girlfriend and he will invite her for
tomorrow dinner. Meanwhile, at the laundrette, Omar nurses
Johnny, and the two bond. Meanwhile, back at home, Ganja murders
Green's loyal domestic servant (Rami Malek). Meanwhile, back in
London, Avice auditions for Michael; and, although Julia resents
it, she is given the role. Meanwhile, back in Porpoise Spit,
Muriel's distraught mother accidentally shop-lifts a pair of
sandals from a supermarket. Meanwhile, back in her home, Stacy
has confronted Nick and told him their relationship won't work.
Meanwhile, because Danny is a virgin at 22, his brother Larry
(Eddie Kaye Thomas), who runs a limousine service, gets him a
string of hilariously disastrous blind dates in between rentals.
Meanwhile, believing that Rose is too conservative to accept
contraception, Ted puts his tablets in a vitamin bottle and tells
her she needs them for her health. Meanwhile, both lovers wonder
if they just might be too different for their love to actually be
possible. Meanwhile, career criminal Jamison Milton Jackson asks
Charles to be his defense attorney in his trial for shooting an
undercover cop during a drug deal and to possibly bribe the judge
in his favor. Meanwhile, crook Hymie Atlas (Raymond Hatton)
decides the statue must be worth a lot of money. Meanwhile,
daughter Popeye, who is attending a private high school, finds
herself attracted to a classmate, whose attention she fails to
grab even after clearly declaring her interest to him (the
classmate purports to be gay). Meanwhile, disobeying orders to
leave her out of it, Cody and Natalie eat ice cream at a
restaurant. Meanwhile, family and friends start to take sides at
a reception for a wedding that never took place. Meanwhile,
flamboyant Darren has met real estate agent Jeremy (Hugo
Weaving), who gets a kick out of having sex in houses for sale he
has been given the keys to. Meanwhile, foppish British rocker and
drag racer Peter Royce Bentley, better known as "The Potato Bug"
(played by Frankie Avalon in a dual role), has taken up residence
on Bikini Beach. Meanwhile, former town drunk Otis Campbell (Hal
Smith), now long sober and driving an ice cream truck, is serving
customers near Myers Lake when he sees the "monster" pop out of
the lake. Meanwhile, group leader Bumper (Adam DeVine) leaves the
Treblemakers after being offered a job as a back-up singer for
John Mayer. Meanwhile, he persuades Maria that he's sincere, and
next thing you know, Papa Martelli is planning four weddings.
Meanwhile, her entourage hires a private eye to find her.
Meanwhile, her fiancé and the search party he formed are captured
by the cannibals who inhabit the tropical isle, but are saved by
his rival. Meanwhile, her twin brother, Sebastian (James Kirk),
is supposed to enroll in Illyria, an elite boarding school, but
he secretly goes to London with his fledgling band instead.
Meanwhile, her wealthy, ditsy mother (Hedda Hopper) offers a
reward for her safe return, fearing she has been kidnapped, but
her fiance Walter Corbett remains remarkably blase about the
whole thing. Meanwhile, his agent sells the Menford family estate
to Adams. Meanwhile, his ethics professor, Leo Sullivan (Ray
Walston), is coming under extreme student and faculty pressure to
reverse the failure and give Blent a passing grade. Meanwhile,
his role in Marty is given to a clueless young actor, real-life
teen idol Aaron Carter. Meanwhile, in Canada, Jane Bullard's
father died and left her the Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team.
Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Marcus' father Brad (Forest Whitaker)
is coming out of a "meeting" when he sees his car being towed by
Miguel (Carlos Mencia), who happens to be Lucia's father.
Meanwhile, in her new job, Lucy is missing him terribly.
Meanwhile, in st Petersburg, Karenin refuses to separate from
Anna, insisting that their relationship will continue. Meanwhile,
in the audience, Chip proposes to Wilma, but she is unresponsive.
Meanwhile, in the penitentiary, Cry-Baby gets a teardrop tattoo.
Meanwhile, it is becoming apparent that Carlos is helping the
revolutionaries. Meanwhile, it's been revealed that Jarrod has a
little girl from a random sexual encounter at a party, who is
nine whom he sees only occasionally. Meanwhile, just before the
wedding, Amy confesses her betrayal to her fiancé, Ed (Jack
Davenport), but professes her love for him. Meanwhile, mrs Bennet
endeavors to obtain wealthy and high status husbands for her
daughters. Meanwhile, mrs Cheveley arrives unexpectedly and,
misrecognised by the butler as the woman Goring awaits, is
ushered into Lord Goring's drawing room. Meanwhile, mrs Peignoir,
an attractive French antique dealer, seems to have taken a shine
to Basil, much to Sybil's annoyance. Meanwhile, ms Ungermeyer
interrogates the students to learn who has been sneaking out.
Meanwhile, neither of their assistants back in New York know
their whereabouts. Meanwhile, oblivious to all the confusion
faced by his companions, Mussum and Zechariah follow with the
show. Meanwhile, on the plane ride back to the mainland, Palmer
meets a professional tennis player (Andy Roddick) who shares her
interests. Meanwhile, one of Christina's employees at her
gallery, Hilary (Virginia Christine), who'd briefly met John and
Joanna earlier in the day, stops by the Draytons' home to express
her disapproval over the relationship and, though Christina
herself is still unsure of her own feelings about the matter, she
is so offended at Hilary's racism that she fires her on the spot.
Meanwhile, pressures from the production's major investor on
Rupert's agent to lock up his creative work in a contract
amendment send private eye Greenslade to Birmingham to hunt down
the hunter. Meanwhile, she befriends Russell the gym teacher as
Amy and Scott start dating. Meanwhile, she brings them into her
home; and, though there is a language barrier at first, the
aliens prove to be quick learners and absorb American pop culture
and language by watching television. Meanwhile, she enlists love-
smitten hotel bellboy Jerry into helping kidnap Gloria.
Meanwhile, since becoming engaged Laura, a therapist, has begun
to fantasize about one of her patients. Meanwhile, smooth-talking
Charley Patterson (Frank Fay), a confidence man who romances and
swindles wealthy widows, meets his neighbor in the building,
gentle widow Eadie Gaynor (Leatrice Joy), and becomes enamoured
of her even though she is poor. Meanwhile, summer arrives on
Mackinac Island and tourists are flocking there. Meanwhile,
tension arises between Casey's coach Tina Harwood (Kim Cattrall),
a disgraced former skater and Gen's mother. Meanwhile, the
"countess" has spent so much time with the policeman that a
romance blooms between them. Meanwhile, the British Prime
Minister's press secretary Patricia Maxwell (Kristin Scott
Thomas) suggests the salmon fishing story to the Prime Minister's
office as a positive story to help improve relations between
Britain and the Islamic world. Meanwhile, the French try to
discomfort the Englishman with a sword fight, a shootout between
a husband and his wife's lover, a mad waiter (Luis Alberni), and
at the end, a violent blacksmith (Trevor Bardette). Meanwhile,
the President, having overheard Mary telling Phillip that she
would rather stay home than attend the party with him, sends lt
Tom Farrington (Edmond O'Brien), a naval aide at the White House,
to escort Mary. Meanwhile, the Prince (Quatro) has not died from
his fall. Meanwhile, the confused Flip starts thinking that
Maisie is having a nervous breakdown. Meanwhile, the evil Turner
desperately searches for an audiotape containing his client's
memoirs, in order to destroy it. Meanwhile, the fire department
where Patrick works is called to the church to put out the fire.
Meanwhile, the grandmother receives a notice that she and the
girl will be evicted if they cannot pay their back rent by the
next day, but she hides it. Meanwhile, the kidnappers turn out to
be two American INS agents Agent Meyers (Howard Bishop) and Agent
Ross (Kevin Dunn). Meanwhile, the ladies start to feel the
effects of dance clubs, and they end up making an impromptu video
to Bell Biv DeVoe's "Poison". Meanwhile, the lipstick-marked
paper airplane sets off in pursuit of Meg, finding her at a
flower stand. Meanwhile, the loners launch a mini-raid to
sabotage the hotel's work. Meanwhile, the majority of the crew
led by the treacherous Scully (Jimmie Skaggs) mutinies against
Morgan and maroon her and those loyal to her in a boat.
Meanwhile, the police arrive to stop the party. Meanwhile, the
public has started to tire of Teresita. Meanwhile, the queen
learns from her magic mirror that Snow White is still alive.
Meanwhile, the relationship between Sarah and Aldous begins to
falter. Meanwhile, the sheikh continues his work, despite
radicals who accuse him of introducing Western ways to their
region. Meanwhile, the tabloids have made Philippe into a
national hero, and instead of his producer, Maillot (Roland
Young), firing the actor, he gets a raise. Meanwhile, the three
other scientists are trying to decide which horse to bet on and
eventually decide on Steve's horse, mr McGillicudy. Meanwhile,
the two remaining in the cabin get so desperate that they cook
and eat one of the Prospector's shoes. Meanwhile, the wise man
realizes that he had been misreading the stars due to fireflies
in his telescope; his prophecies are incorrect. Meanwhile, the
wise man's assistant tells Kasim, who rallies his men. Meanwhile,
the woman's escort observes this development with disapproval.
Meanwhile, the young Otávio meets with Helena, disregarding his
meeting with his other selves as a dream, and Ricardo approaches
them with the champagne. Meanwhile, their relationship draws the
jealousy of Rosie's secretary, Jeannie (Sarah Alexander), who
begins to sabotage them by stealing Adam's gifts to Rosie, and
then by stealing Adam's phone, taking a photograph of Brianna in
a compromising position with it, and then putting it in Rosie's
handbag, which does not succeed. Meanwhile, unnoticed by anyone
but Stephen, Rose and Neil have been falling in love. Meanwhile,
upstairs in Jake's bedroom, Jake takes the opportunity to look
through the yearbook and finds Sam's photo. Meanwhile, when David
and Jean go dancing, they attract the attention of the
Sylvesters, an older couple celebrating their 50th anniversary.
Meanwhile, with Connors refusing to aid him in his plans, dr
Brinkman sends François and some men to catch Natalie and bring
her into his base in the Cascade Mountains. Meanwhile,B.
Meanwhile,K. Meanwhile,S. Meek California Fidelity Trust teller
Johnny Dalton asks his boss McKissack for a raise so he can marry
fellow teller Mildred "Mibs" Goodhue. Meena persuades Rahul to
disperse his grandfather's ashes and travels with him to
Rameswaram, where they complete the rites. Meena takes Rahul to
her father and introduces him as her lover. Meena tells the
villagers that they are a married couple who needs protection and
rest, to which the villagers agree. Meena then realises that she
has fallen in love with Rahul. Meena's father and Tangaballi
reform, accepting that the love of a common man like Rahul is
bigger than their physical ability and political influence. Meeta
has returned with an intention to steal again but her involvement
with Nikhil during the next 7 days diverts her attention. Meeta
is unable to gather the courage to steal her father's money and
tells her father the truth. Meeta returns to the wedding to try
to win Nikhil back. Meeta reunites with her family and Nikhil
realizes he is marrying the wrong girl. Meeta tells him that it
is not too late for them to run away. Meeta tells him that there
is another problem waiting for them there. Meeta, who is an
IITian in Chemical Engineering and PhD, is a super-intelligent
geek with unusual behaviour and habits, who ran away 7 years ago
to China after stealing money from her own father, leading to his
heart attack. Meeting Amy/Tillie on a regular basis he gets more
and more attracted to her - his "wife". Meeting Anne and hearing
her views turn his own previous views and conceptions about the
capitalist system and its degenerates up side down. Meeting
several other rich American teenagers down by the pool -
including James Phelps (Jonathan Jackson), the son of her
father's boss -, Katey becomes disgusted when one of the
teenagers insults a local waiter when he accidentally knocks over
some of their drinks. Meeting the rest of Pam's family and
friends, including Debbie, her fiance, his parents, and Pam's
highly successful, both financially and spiritually, ex-fiancee
Kevin (Owen Wilson), Greg still feels like an outsider. Meeting
with the tycoon whose shipbuilding company he is in the process
of "raiding," Edward changes his mind. Meg and Jimmy spot them
attending a boxing match and are immediately worried. Meg and Ken
are playing with Natalie, and Robin carries on partying. Meg no
longer sees this as a priority, as she's trying to open her own
restaurant. Meg then leaves the office, and George, rebuffing his
boss, dashes from his desk. Meg wants to have a baby. Meg,
concerned to believe that he is not truly committed, ends the
relationship, with Ken walking away. Megan (Keira Knightley) is
an aimless twenty-eight-year-old who is in a committed
relationship with her high school sweetheart and is still close
with her high school friends. Megan agrees but delays the wedding
by pretending that she has a week-long career advice seminar to
attend. Megan and Dolph infiltrate the True Directions graduation
ceremony where Dolph easily coaxes Clayton away. Megan and Dolph,
who is also living with Larry and Lloyd, plan to win back Graham
and Clayton. Megan and Graham sneak away one night to have sex
and begin to fall in love. Megan entreats Graham to join them as
well, but Graham nervously declines. Megan goes to Craig's house,
and leaves him a note on a box of wine asking him to check one of
two boxes labeled 'yes' or 'no' to the question 'Can we try
again. Megan goes to the meeting and afterwards asks Annika if,
in return, she can stay at her house. Megan is unemployed and
single, and one day she joins a dating website. Megan is visibly
pregnant again. Megan lies that there was a gap between her lease
expiring and her moving to a new apartment. Megan receives a call
from Annika asking her to pretend to be her absentee mother at a
guidance counsellor's meeting. Megan reveals that she is still
engaged after Annika finds the engagement ring in Megan's purse
and that Craig has no idea. Megan then explains the situation to
him in six monosyllables: "Grace has Bob's dead wife's heart.
Megan then performs a cheer for Graham and tells her that she
loves her, finally winning Graham over. Megan's father picks her
up from the police station. Megan's husband (Jim Belushi) becomes
infuriated as he has misunderstood the situation and thinks Bob
is married. Megan, believing that their relationship is stifling
her, breaks up with him, unfriends all of her high school best
friends and proceeds to go to Annika's prom, where she tells
Annika to be honest and pursue Junior, a friend whom she is in
love with. Melanie and Brad start talking and then dancing.
Melanie guides Connor to the kitchen to show him a crying Jenny
as she tries to repair Paul and Sandra's wedding cake. Melanie, a
32-year-old photographer, is a hopeless romantic looking for ‘The
One’. Melinda reveals she is on the run from an abusive ex-
boyfriend. Melissa catches the bouquet and then links arms with
Tom's dad, to which he says "Number 6. Melissa replies, "So what,
there's yours". Melissa takes her frustration to her friend
Stella, who hatches a scheme. Melodie then comes to the judge and
says that she never wants to see either of her parents again and
the judge lets her spend the night with his family. Melody and
her parents had, each one separately, completely shed their
former southern conservative mindsets and wholeheartedly adopted
the liberal New York City way of life and values. Melody develops
a crush on Boris despite their age difference and their varying
cultures and intelligence. Melody finds a job as a dog walker
while still living with Boris. Melody initially sees past
Marietta's attempt and tells him that her marriage is fine.
Melody is shown to be a girl who lives in a world of absurd
thoughts, who also isn't comfortable with other people. Melody
tells Boris she is in love with Randy. Melsa and her friends are
notorious pranksters, so the detective, Lieutenant Mike Brent
(Levene), does nothing to investigate the murder. Melsa and her
friends decide they must find the murderer in order to defend
their reputation. Melsa appears to be hostile toward Ames during
most of the film, while he almost immediately decides that he's
going to marry her and begins to woo her aggressively. Melville
"Ironpants" Goodwin (Kirk Douglas) is a much-decoratedS. Melvin
Udall is a misanthrope who works at home as a best-selling
novelist in New York City. Melvin goes to see Carol, who is
hesitant, but agrees to try and establish a relationship with
him. Melvin invites Carol to accompany them on the trip to lessen
the awkwardness. Melvin is intimidated by Simon's agent, Frank
Sachs, into caring for Simon's dog, Verdell, while Simon is
hospitalized. Melvin's comments during the dinner greatly
flatter—and subsequently upset—Carol, and she abruptly leaves.
Melvin's life is further altered when Carol decides to work
closer to her home in Brooklyn so she can care for her acutely
asthmatic son Spencer ("Spence"). Membership is declining, Henry
is pulled in a hundred directions by his parishioners' needs, and
the church's finances are in trouble. Mercedes drinks at home
after school because she is unhappily married to Dean (Bryan
Cranston), a former professor turned writer turned blogger.
Mercedes finds out that Talia and Larry are just friends.
Mercedes pulls up in a white Volkswagen Golf Cabriolet, while Les
says "I already have a Mercedes". Mercedes runs into Talia, who
is telling Frances, her English teacher (Pam Grier), that she
will be dropping out of college to start a thrift store. Mercedes
then passes out. Mercedes walks to her office and sees a note
from Larry on the door, which is an invitation for dinner, with
the address to his new apartment. Mercedes, meanwhile, warns
Larry not to disclose the events of the previous night, and
remains under the false impression that he is romantically
involved with the much-younger Talia. Meredith and Ben are a
couple, as are Everett and Julie and Amy and Brad. Meredith
breaks down in front of the family. Meredith defends her
stepbrother's behavior, explaining that it stems from the fact
their father was a violent man who was physically abusive to them
and Randall is overly protective of Meredith as a result.
Meredith desperately tries to fit in, but her strained attempt to
play charades and a clumsy effort to engage the family in a
dinner table discussion about nature versus nurture and sexual
orientation prove to be disastrous and their father, Kelly Stone
(Craig Nelson), the most understanding of the family, blows up at
her. Meredith's partner Randall is the star pupil of the class
but is an obnoxious bully who takes an instant dislike to Frank
and tries to intimidate him. Meredith, feeling very much an
outsider during the Christmas holidays with Everett's family,
opts to stay at the local inn instead of with the family and asks
her sister Julie (Claire Danes) to join her for support. Merle is
given a medal anyway and wins her heart. Merlin & Son's
department store on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Merlin
(Charles Coburn), is sympathetic to the "unwed mother" and
arranges for her to get her job back. Merlin has been misinformed
that he is a grandfather, mistaking John to be Dan's son. Merrill
will not stand up to Griswold, and though Merrill consents to
show the film if Agatha's expulsion is not revealed, he lies to
his daughter about the reason why. Meryl, unable to walk, stays
hidden from Vincent while Paul impulsively confronts him with a
canister of bear repellent spray. Met with ridicule by some
locals, he comes upon the local tavern where he meets Milly.
Methods Engineer and efficiency expert Richard Sumner (Spencer
Tracy), the inventor of EMERAC ("Electromagnetic MEmory and
Research Arithmetical Calculator"), is brought in to see how the
library functions, to figure out how to ease the transition. Mia
Sullivan (Monica Calhoun), wife of Lance Sullivan (Morris
Chestnut), has written letters requesting that the old gang
should join them for Christmas: Harper Stewart (Taye Diggs) and
his almost-nine-month-pregnant wife Robyn (Sanaa Lathan), Julian
Murch (Harold Perrineau) and wife Candace Sparks (Regina Hall),
her best friend Jordan Armstrong (Nia Long) and boyfriend Brian
McDonald (Eddie Cibrian), Quentin "Q" Spivey (Terrence Howard),
and Shelby Taylor (Melissa De Sousa). Mia and Alice have just
moved into a trendy apartment but are in desperate need of a
housemate. Mia calls Harper to speak to Lance, inspiring him to
ultimately break the all-time rushing record in a game-winning
performance. Mia challenges Lance to acknowledge the truth. Mia
eventually chooses Andrew Jacoby (Callum Blue), Duke of
Kenilworth and days later they are engaged. Mia later decides to
convert one of the royal palaces into a temporary children's
center. Mia proposes the law on royal marriages be abolished, and
the Parliament unanimously gives its assent. Mia reenters the
church, and after pointing out how her grandmother has ruled
Genovia while unmarried for a number of years, she tells the
members of parliament in the audience to consider the significant
women in their lives (such as their wives, sisters, daughters and
nieces) and questions if they would have them do what they're
trying to force her to do (marrying people they don't love). Mia
reveals to Harper that she was diagnosed with cancer more than a
year ago and is dying. Mia then takes off her wig, forcing Lance
to also acknowledge the severity of her condition. Mia thinks
Nicholas set her up, while he insists he had no idea. Mia tries
to calm Lance down to no avail. Mia's best friend Lilly Moscovitz
(Heather Matarazzo) surprises her by visiting. Mia's girlfriend
Danni (Radha Mitchell) is keen to move in, but Mia fears
commitment. Mibs insists on driving Johnny to Mexico, but they
are caught. Michael Ashburn (Derrick De Marney) is the chief
assistant to Rufus Trent (Cecil Kellaway), a wealthy London loan
broker. Michael Caine is Matthew Hollis, married to Karen
(Valerie Harper), and father to teenaged daughter, Nikki (Demi
Moore). Michael Dorsey (Dustin Hoffman) is a respected but
perfectionist actor. Michael Felgate is an English auctioneer
living in New York where he manages the Cromwell auction house.
Michael Finnegan, a past-his-prime journalist, has been relegated
to ghost-writing Dear Felicity, a column for the lovelorn.
Michael Hamilton (Gable), a Philadelphia lawyer, travels to
Naples, Italy only a few days before his planned wedding to
settle the estate of his late brother, Joseph with Italian lawyer
Vitalli (De Sica). Michael Murphy (Edward Burns), his lawyer and
best friend from college, still carries a flame for former
girlfriend Kate, even though their relationship ended badly.
Michael Pappas (Peter Gallagher) and Cathy Featherstone (Daryl
Hannah), a young couple from Chicago who have just graduated from
college in the United States, have known each other about 10
years and have been together about half that time. Michael Ryan
is a high school student who receives an anonymous love letter.
Michael and Cameron help him by prying Bianca for information on
Kat's likes and dislikes. Michael angrily tells his parents the
letter actually belongs to him while scolding them for invading
his private mail, leaving them in a state of shock. Michael
arrives home with a cold after his night in jail. Michael asks
Sally out, and they begin dating; Michael is smitten, but Judy is
dissatisfied with the relationship. Michael assists by convincing
Joey to pay Patrick to take out Kat, under the pretense that this
will allow Joey to date Bianca. Michael believes Sandy is too
emotionally fragile to handle the truth about him winning the
part, especially after noticing her strong resentment of Dorothy.
Michael confesses, "I was a better man with you as a woman than I
ever was with a woman as a man". Michael continues to hold his
grudge against Jerry, even when Nellie dies while giving birth to
little Nellie. Michael declares that he is going to break
Theodora out of her confining routine, ignoring her protests that
she likes her life just the way it is. Michael declares that he
will marry Candace whether she likes it or not, and that she will
no longer be invited to the wedding. Michael discovers to his
dismay that his brother spent a fortune on fireworks. Michael
discreetly gives Julianne the invitation to tell him she's in
love with him, but she lets the opportunity pass. Michael
eventually meets Stephanie and quickly becomes smitten with her.
Michael experiences a series of wacky adventures with his friends
throughout the summer before his Senior year in High School.
Michael explains that they cannot be removed, but one of the
robbers threatens to cut Julie's ears off to get to them. Michael
finds a clever way to extricate himself. Michael hurries her off
when he sees Julie inside the shop vault. Michael is a failure at
speaking the romantic words he wrote, however, and after his
screen test proves a dismal failure, he decides to return to
Buxton. Michael is confused when he learns that the two women are
developing a friendship, but he quickly recovers and the three of
them spend a few days gradually getting closer. Michael is given
a hidden recording device and is tasked with trying to record
Vito into admitting his criminal activity on tape before he is
"executed". Michael is obsessed with Deborah Ann Fimple, the
class beauty, and his best friend, Roger, convinces him that the
letter is from her. Michael is socially prominent, but works for
a living. Michael is upset, thinks that she declined his offer
for Charlie and is ready to go. Michael phones Sarah and she goes
to stay with him, sharing her Christmas scarf. Michael plays his
character as a feisty, feminist administrator, which surprises
the other actors and crew who expected Emily to be (as written)
another swooning female in the plot. Michael ponders over his
continuing charade he puts on for Stephanie ("Charades"). Michael
retorts that he will not let this happen, but barely is their
engagement party over before he is unwittingly involved in a
money laundering scam, and soon the FBI takes an interest in him.
Michael reveals that he wants her to go with him and another
woman to Utah (where polygamy is legal) so they can marry and
support him while he writes. Michael rushes to the dockyard after
a brief scuffle with Steve, screaming his love for Toni. Michael
starts singing their song as he grabs Julianne and holds her
while they dance one last time. Michael suggests they invite Tom
to spend time at their country estate, where he can become better
acquainted with their son Roger (Tom Sturridge). Michael takes
Julie to her hotel room and stays with her when she pretends to
be sick after her night outside. Michael takes the job as a way
to raise $8,000 to produce a play, written by his roommate Jeff
Slater (Bill Murray) and to star Sandy, titled Return to Love
Canal. Michael tells Judy he needs time alone, then says he can't
help still having feelings for Sally. Michael tracks her to her
hometown, and his whistling is immediately noticed outside her
house. Michael tries to fend off Renee's advances by steering
Fassbender her way, but Fassbender's wife Anna is determined to
keep him to herself. Michael walks in on this and has become fed
up with his mother and decides to show tough love and tells his
mother that she must apologize to Candace, but she refuses.
Michael writes Deborah Ann an anonymous love letter in return,
and asks Toni to give it to her. Michael's overbearing mother
Loretta (Jenifer Lewis) doesn't approve of his engagement with
Candace, still thinking no woman is good enough for her son.
Michael's plan fails, and when Vito realises that his execution
is a set-up, he orders Vinnie to kill Michael. Michael, however,
is suspicious over Elvira's supposed willingness to go on the
trip alone, and so hires private detective Peter Virgil (Jack
Carson) to see if she is sneaking around behind his back.
Michael, who says he has never been with another woman, keeps
noticing Lina Broussard (Valerie Quennessen), a French
archaeologist on temporary assignment at the nearby Akrotiri
excavation. Michelle has doubts regarding that Jim's paternal
grandmother dislikes Michelle for not being Jewish, and about
Stifler's invite to the wedding. Michelle is furious but, when he
saves John Thomas from a potentially dangerous situation, she
forgives Harley and decides he may be the better choice for a
father after all. Michelle misinterprets when Jim stalls the
question. Michelle's parents, who were initially skeptical of
Jim, agree to have a preliminary dinner with him. Michelle's
younger sister, Cadence, flies in for the wedding. Mick Jagged
comforts the weeping girl, and they go on a date. Mick gets upset
and taunts Scott until the Wolf comes out and attacks him. Mick
plays for the Dragons, an opposing team who tends to bully Scott
on the court. Mick tells Pamela that they should leave, but she
tells him to "drop dead" and storms off while everyone else
celebrates the victory. Mickey Gordon is a National Basketball
Association referee who honors his recently-deceased father's
wishes by burying him at the resting site of his World War II
Army platoon in France, of which he was the sole survivor, but
the plans are delayed after the airline misplaces the casket.
Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, and Mickey's dog Pluto are
street urchins, who, while being robbed by masked bandits (played
by the Beagle Boys) are saved by the Royal Musketeers, Athos,
Aramis, Porthos and D'Artagnan. Mickey almost alerts Willie to
his presence by sneezing after falling into a box of powder in
Willie's pocket, but the same powder makes Willie sneeze and he
loses sight of Mickey. Mickey and Ellen arrive at the restaurant
together and re-tell Liz the story of their relationship. Mickey
and Minnie finally declare their love for one another, as do the
others (Donald and Daisy, Goofy and Clarabelle). Mickey arrives
just in time to finish the job of cutting down the beanstalk, and
Willie, who was climbing down, falls to his apparent death.
Mickey calls Eve's house, and when Nancy answers pleads to come
over and crash, hanging up before he realizes who she is. Mickey
comes back to the bar the next night when he is unable to pay for
a bus ticket home to Las Vegas. Mickey decides to delay his
return trip to the United States to spend time with Ellen. Mickey
decides to go AWOL from his job and immediately return to Paris
to find Ellen. Mickey encourages his friends not to lose hope and
they rush to rescue Minnie and Daisy. Mickey frees his friends
and they make a break for it with the harp. Mickey goes back to
Eve's house to recover his suitcase, and Zack finds him there and
assaults him again. Mickey goes to Pearl's apartment to crash,
and when he wakes up begins taking pictures as she sleeps. Mickey
is also defeated, leaving the three heroes stranded. Mickey is
gifted one of their hats, inspiring them to follow their example
and become a musketeer; however, in the present day, he, Donald
and Goofy are janitors for the musketeers' base. Mickey is
suspended by the NBA for a week. Mickey is then captured by Pete,
who chains him up in a dungeon in Mont Saint-Michel that will
flood when the tide comes in. Mickey learns Ellen is married but
separated, and is unsure if she and her husband will get back
together. Mickey neglects his wife, Janice, who once had been a
"Miss Luxemberg" in a successful ad campaign featuring various
attractive models. Mickey plays palm reader and gains the
childish giant's trust. Mickey refuses to move away from
California, so Ellen takes the airline's other offer of a
transfer to Paris. Mickey rides back to Paris with Ellen, and the
two get to know each other along the way. Mickey sneezes when
Willie pours pepper and tries to run away, but Willie catches
him. Mickey stalls him long enough for Donald and Goofy to reach
the bottom and begin sawing the beanstalk. Mickey then decides to
sell the cow for money to buy food. Mickey's loneliness leads him
to lose his temper during a nationally-televised game. Mickey,
Donald and Goofy are dubbed (by Princess Minnie) royal
musketeers. Mickey, Donald and Goofy arrive and battle Pete and
the Beagle Boys onstage, finally defeating them and saving Daisy
and the Princess (though what became of the villains is unknown).
Mickey, Donald and Goofy manage to save Minnie and Daisy in a
tower where the Beagles are keeping them. Mickey, unhappy at home
with Arthur, decides to return early to the NBA. Mickler, who is
about to retire, insists on doing the evaluation and conducts it
without medicating the youth. Middle daughter Carmen (Jacqueline
Obradors) shares her father's passion for food but has stifled
her dream of owning a restaurant in favor of pursuing a more
stable career as a business analyst. Middle-aged, divorced and
wealthy from his work in real estate, Frank lacks for nothing
material. Middle-class family man Stanley Banks reminisces on
events of the past year: One afternoon, returning from the office
feeling happy and energetic, Stanley's routine is interrupted
when his wife Ellie (Joan Bennett) tells him that they are having
dinner with their daughter Kay and her husband, Buckley Dunstan
(Don Taylor), to hear some important news. Midge Dooley tells Bob
to give her a lift, but he has had a bad experience with a
blonde, plus he risks losing his job (driving a new car to
California for Willoughby Sproggs as part of a four-car caravan).
Midge breaks up with Frankie as well. Midge tells Bob. Miggy
agrees and the next day, they begin a photo shoot at Laida's
home, but something is missing and Zoila fails to see what it is.
Miggy also became comfortable enough to tell Laida the truth
behind his past, that he was an illegitimate child of his father
later adopted to the main family after his mother's death. Miggy
asks Laida's parents for her hand in marriage. Miggy is now in a
relationship with Belle (Isabelle Daza), while Laida is now a
fiercer woman after living in the United States. Miggy runs after
her. Miggy suggests that it will be a more challenging time for
them, but he also says he loves her. Miggy then tries with much
difficulty on his part of apologizing in his own way to Laida.
Miggy was later embarrassed himself after he realized that it was
Laida who made the last minute call and effort to find a printing
press to do a rush job on their magazines overhaul. Miggy woke up
during a break in fever and saw the exhausted Laida next to him
patting his back as a mother would to a sick child. Miggy's
father vouches for his promotion as general manager of the
family's industrial laundry business in Laguna but this also
prompts a few hesitations from Art. Miggy's life is ruined with
the loss of Laida and his father, and becomes more stubborn.
Miggy’s mean demeanor and undermining of both his friend and
editors causes a walkout of half of the team. Mihir makes Rhea
realize hers and Karan's love for each other. Mihirmah tries to
get Orville to run away with her. Mike Windgren works on a boat
in Acapulco, Mexico. Mike and Alicia started dating for three
weeks in junior high and then stayed friends. Mike and Danny
become reluctant hitchhikers, looking for a lift to anywhere.
Mike and Diane dine at the top of the fair's Space Needle. Mike
appears as a cab driver and drives him to his "new" home, a
mansion in Forest Hills, explaining that he did in fact hit the
last pitch and won the game. Mike convinces his bandmates to
allow "Freddie" to room with them for two weeks, after they
discover she has no place to go. Mike dives off the cliff, and
successfully lands in the water, earning the lifeguard's respect.
Mike finds a condom in Stacey's room and has to hide under his
bed so as not to get caught when Stacey and his girlfriend come
home. Mike has a girlfriend and Alicia has a boyfriend. Mike is a
sportswriter and poker enthusiast with working-class friends.
Mike is further discouraged when they return to the apartment to
find Freddie gone. Mike is invited to appear on The Late Late
Show with Craig Ferguson and is offered a job at another network.
Mike is targeted by nerd classmate William Lichter (Charlie
Korsmo), who is plotting revenge against him for years of
bullying. Mike leaks word on the book to the press and, riding
the publicity, argues the show got all the press it needs and
that the book, although all but finished, needs not to be
published. Mike leaves. Mike quits and takes a job with a rival
TV station in Sacramento, and ends up doing a broadcast at the
same hot air balloon festival as Abby. Mike spins a tale that he
has arranged a meeting with O'Connor for Jim and his partners,
who are dubious but accept. Mike still harbors such resentment
over the loss that he immediately starts a fight withC. Mike
succeeds in improving the ratings, brings married co-anchors
Georgia and Larry closer and successfully instructs Abby to be
exactly what Colin would want through a number of pointers
including: always laugh at his jokes and say he is amazing in
bed. Mike teaches art to underprivileged children, and will be
entering a mural competition soon. Mike tells his last childhood
memory, and its when they go to a homecoming dance for their
school and that they will be the boys from "The Wood". Mike tells
the men to fix their marriages because life is too short. Mike
then decides to produce a Broadway show of his own with the
financial aid of the performers themselves. Mike tries to hide
his former relationship, but fails miserably. Mike wins the bet
but he doesn't tell Roland and Slim out of respect for Alicia.
Mike's life is in danger, but he hides that from his wife too.
Mike's quick thinking prevents one of the cops from finding
Stacey's gun and they are let go not realizing that the hold-up
Stacey and Boo did is what gotten them off the hook. Mike,
dealing with the intensity of his feelings for Abby, calls on her
room only to find Colin has shown up to surprise her. Mike, now
hiding his still present shyness with a veil of over confidence,
reconnects romantically with Alicia. Mike, returning to their
memories when they were juniors in high school remembers them
thinking about sex, ways to get it and making a lot of bets as to
who has it first. Mikey and Julie panic and Mikey pushes Julie
out of the apartment and saves himself and Julie from the fire
while James gets the police and arrests the thief. Mikey is upset
about this and tears up one of Julie's stuffed animals. Mikey
learns that with his little sister, Julie, on the way, he has to
be a responsible big brother. Mikey realizes one night that he
hasn't been very nice to Julie and decides to try to be nice to
her. Mikey then begins to make commentary on his life and
interacts with things through an inner voice which can also
communicate with other babies. Mikki (Ken Duken), seeing her
struggle, helps her out and teaches her to snowboard. Mikki and
Kim enter the competition. Mikki fails to make the high jump and
ends up breaking his arm, which takes him out of the chance of
winning. Milady is imprisoned on arrival in England but seduces
her guard, Felton (a fictionalization of the real John Felton),
and persuades him to allow her escape and to kill Buckingham
himself. Mildred becomes a bit concerned, as she knows that
Miranda, her niece, is attached to Denys (though he himself is
oblivious), making for an awkward situation. Miles Raymond is an
aspiring&nbsp;– but unsuccessful&nbsp;– writer, a wine aficionado
and a divorced, depressed, borderline alcoholic middle-aged
English teacher living in San Diego, who takes his soon-to-be-
married actor friend and former college roommate, Jack Cole, on a
road trip through Santa Ynez Valley wine country. Miles arrives
and asks Iris for a date on New Year's Eve. Miles hires him to
kill Marylin. Miles is thrilled, and marries her on the spur of
the moment. Miles leaves to see her, but promises to come to
Arthur's award ceremony that night. Miles makes a gauche pass at
Maya, which she rejects. Miles pleads for a second chance and
retroactively signs a Massey prenup. Miles spies Jack's wallet,
grabs it and runs from the house, barely escaping Cammi's irate
husband, who pursues him in the nude. Miles tells Maya about his
book, and Maya says she is finishing a master's degree in
horticulture so she can leave serving. Miles then calls "Puffy"
Krauss von Espy (Jonathan Hadary), a Swiss hotel concierge
located by his assistant. Miles then learns that Marylin's ex-
husband Rex has died without changing his will, leaving her his
entire fortune. Miles wants to spend the week relaxing, golfing,
enjoying good food and wine; however, much to Miles'
consternation, Jack is on the prowl and wants one last sexual
fling before settling into domestic life. Miles wins a large
property settlement against Donaly, leaving him broke. Miles'
boss demands that something be done to save the firm's
reputation, and suggests the hitman "Wheezy Joe" (Irwin Keyes).
Miles), Gene's unfortunately chosen apprentice, andJ. Miletto
arrives with henchmen and it is revealed that Crenshaw has been
paid by Miletto to keep him out of jail. Miller), airline
reservations agent Devon (Nate Torrence), and baggage handler
Jack (Mike Vogel). Millie McGonigle (Evelyn Keyes), is riding a
bus to work when the frustrated driver, Doug Andrews (Glenn
Ford), stops the vehicle and quits. Millie befriends the sweet
yet naive Miss Dorothy Brown (Mary Tyler Moore) as the latter
checks into the Priscilla Hotel. Millie begins to fall for Jimmy,
but sees him summon Miss Dorothy from her room for a late night
rendezvous, and assumes the worst. Millie finds she cannot go
through with the marriage. Millie is determined to stick to her
plan and marry Trevor. Millie marries Jimmy and Miss Dorothy
marries Trevor. Millie realizes Miss Dorothy is just one of
several girls who have vanished without a word to anyone, except
to mrs Meers. Millie then discovers Jimmy and Miss Dorothy are
millionaire siblings and Muzzy is their stepmother, who sent them
out into the world to find partners who would love them for who
they were and not for their money. Millionaire hotel mogul Ray
Hunter (Dean Martin) flies to Rome to buy another property, the
Regent. Milly and Jess are best friends who met in grade school
and do everything together. Milly asks Adam to talk to the
brothers as she fears they will want to leave because of missing
the girls. Milly consigns the brothers to the barn "with the rest
of the livestock" while the women live in the house. Milly
eventually tells her children that she will die and must go into
hospice care. Milly finds herself growing increasingly distant
from Kit after the surgery. Milly gives birth to a daughter,
Hannah. Milly goes through with the double mastectomy but Jess
finds herself unable to tell Milly she is pregnant as she feels
as though her good news would cause Milly grief. Milly is furious
with Adam, as are the six kidnapped women. Milly teaches Adam's
rowdy, ill-behaved younger brothers manners and social mores.
Milly tracks down Jess and the women reconcile. Milly, busy with
her career and her young family, learns that she has breast
cancer after a long-delayed checkup. Milo offers Mad Dog a gift
in return: for one week, he will have the "personal services" of
Glory (Thurman), a young woman who works as a bartender at Milo's
club. Milo says that Mad Dog has to pay $40,000 to give Glory her
freedom, and sends one of his thugs to enforce the threat. Milt
decides to return to the sea while Snug takes a job as a hired
hand with a neighboring farmer, Robert "Roarer" McGill (Tom
Tully), with whose daughter, Rad (June Haver), he is in love,
although the daughter gets her kicks out of keeping him guessing
about her true feelings. Mima picks Ace. Mimi Bennett lives with
her wealthy aunt Kate on the South Pacific isle of Tahiti. Mimi
Glossop (Ginger Rogers) arrives in England to seek a divorce from
her geologist husband Cyril, whom she has not seen for several
years. Mimi and her father (George Barbier) are in the audience
on opening night and they feel insulted. Mimi is crushed when she
finds out that Alan is marrying heiress Elizabeth Kent, but
swallows her pride to serve as the bridesmaid. Mimi takes pity on
him and a romance blooms. Minelli issues a verbal threat to Kevin
(thinking he is talking to Blankman), telling him he will kill
Kimberly if Blankman does not show up. Mingling, she meets the
host, Conrad Nelson (Adolphe Menjou), a philandering meat
magnate, who requests that Louise sing a song. Minnie and Daisy
are captured in a theater and locked in a chest by the Beagle
Boys and the smallest one poses as Minnie, announcing to the
public that she is handing the crown over to a gleeful Pete and
has a false advertisement that says "King Pete the Magnificent".
Minnie and Monroe take acid together and Monroe has a bad trip,
convinced they are being watched. Minnie and her younger sister
Gretel ask Pascal for money, and though he is irritated, he sends
the family a check. Minnie finds a letter from Aline encouraging
her to draw more comics. Minnie reflects on her emotional growth
and realizes that the only way to find happiness is by loving
herself, not by depending on another person's affection. Minnie
runs away from home in disgust and begins seeing a risk-taking
lesbian, Tabatha. Minnie says she will know that he is "the one"
when he makes her laugh. Minnie sleeps twice with her schoolmate
Ricky, but he finds her sexual enthusiasm intimidating. Minnie
then takes a walk in the palace garden and barely escapes with
her life when the Beagle Boys attempt to drop a safe on her.
Minnie's stepfather, Pascal, calls from New York City and invites
Minnie to live with him, but she declines. Minnie, Kimmie, and
Monroe have a threesome. Minutes later, Sharpay meets Broadway
star Amber Lee Adams (Cameron Goodman), star of the show, who
Sharpay admires. Minutes later, she starts laughing upon seeing
the balloon read "I'm sorry, I'm an asshole" and calls Alec.
Minutes later, the press box is ablaze with them trapped inside.
Miranda Bute, nearly eighteen years old, is another surprise
guest. Miranda Presley is an aspiring singer/songwriter from New
York City who loves country music and decides to take her chances
in Nashville, Tennessee, where she hopes to become a star.
Miranda confesses to Ralph her role in the scandal. Miranda flags
down a passing car, which turns out to be driven by Denys.
Miranda pursues James, and they end up getting married, but they
soon realize marriage takes work. Miranda quits her job after the
misogynistic new managing partner disrespects her once too often.
Miranda reflects on the events of the previous film, when her
husband, Steve, told her about his affair. Miranda returns and
sings a new song, before tentatively reuniting with James.
Miranda returns the money to Graves, but Graves already has
pictures of them. Miri corrects him, clarifying that she did not
mind that Stacey merely made the offer to sleep with him. Miriam
has eyes for Buzzy, who seems to have eyes for everyone. Miriam
is furious with Hugh but he doesn't know why. Miriam is pleased
with this explanation and they reconcile. Miriam wants to
separate because he's addicted to gambling - although he often
wins. Mirza is made to leave the room. Mirza is met by Shevket
Ben Ali (Ian Keith); Mirza informs Phelps that her father has
arranged for her to marry Shevket. Mishaps, including a polar
bear in Fate's car, compel all four racers to warm themselves in
Leslie's car. Miss Amelia Dedham (Elizabeth Allen) is a "proper"
young lady "of means" from Boston, who has become the chairman of
the board of the Dedham Shipping Company. Miss Bingley clearly
does not want to continue the friendship and Jane is upset though
very composed. Miss Jane Bennet also attracts the attention of Mr
Bingley's sister Caroline, who invites her to visit. Miss Lily
and Bronco Billy spend the night together. Miss MacCracken
arrives and informs Isolde and Augie that a baby has just been
born and they have been moved to the top of the agency's list.
Miss Thing and Bernard's father accidentally get trapped in a
timelocked vault full of rare erotica, which horrifies her and
causes her to rush out in disarray when the vault opens, giving
the impression that Bernard's father made a pass at her. Miss
Thing and her new boyfriend, police officer Francis Graf (Dolph
Sweet), who also lives in her boarding house, also arrive to
confront Bernard's father about what happened in the vault. Miss
Thing evicts Bernard, so he moves in with Barbara, although he
still can't perform with her and she's starting to treat him
badly. Miss Thing goes to the library to tell Bernard's father
that Bernard was out all night and a girl called him every 15
minutes. Miss Thing inherited the building on the condition that
her late brother's aggressive pet rooster be allowed to occupy
the fifth floor, which Bernard must pass to get to his room. Miss
Thing reassures Bernard's mother that the rooster only attacks
girls, especially young pretty girls, to which Bernard's mother
responds that her son isn't interested in girls yet, but arranges
that Miss Thing will spy on Bernard and report any "female"
activity. Missy's parents storm out, and Drew informs her that
their relationship is over. Mistakenly assuming she is now the
owner of a small empire, she crosses the Atlantic Ocean by ship.
Mistakenly believing the millionaire Henry is impoverished and
the sole support of his widowed mother, Toni promises to help him
financially, but Howard convinces the family Henry is a fraud.
Mistakenly thinking he has killed the man, Slick flees, but is
caught and jailed. Mistaking her for the target of the bet, Peter
becomes excited, but Jimmy fervently corrects him. Misty shows up
at Megan's door with the white dress Megan bought and a few other
things left over from the car crash. Misunderstanding, he leads
her to a field where George stands. Mitch also meets Jordan, a
hyperkinetic female student, "Ick" Ikagami, a brilliant and
affable foil to Chris's antics, and the mysterious Lazlo
Hollyfeld, a middle-aged man who seems to be living in Mitch's
closet. Mitch is accosted by Sherry Nugel, a beautiful older
woman who seeks amorous encounters with the top ten geniuses in
the country. Mitch must compete against him, bad back and all.
Mitch punches Dan in the face, and Marie hurries out   The plot
resolves with Dan and his daughters going to New York City, where
they finally find Marie at her gym. Mitch puts her on a train but
also offers Janet a job as his own secretary. Mitch turns her
down, realizing he's in love with Jordan, and the two become a
couple. Mitchell in turn offers to sell the store to Joe,
admitting that Joe has always loved the place while he himself
has always hated it. Mitchell starts to pen a series of articles
in Doe's name, elaborating on the original letter's ideas of
society's disregard for people in need. Mitchell, who has fallen
in love with Willoughby, desperately tries to talk him out of
jumping (saying another John Doe has already died for the sake of
humanity), and Hanson and his neighbors tell him of their plan to
restart their John Doe club. Mitzi relays this to Dorothy, who
refuses to believe it. Mix-ups ensue. Mollie and James ask where
Mikey and Julie are. Mollie and James tell Mikey that he's got to
be potty trained. Mollie and her friend Rona happen to catch
Albert fooling around with his interior decorator Melissa and he
admits he is planning on living with her after his divorce is
finalized. Mollie discovers she's pregnant again and James is
working diligently. Mollie exclaims that she hasn't felt that
happy about Mikey since he was born. Mollie is an accountant
living in New York City who has an affair with Albert, a
womanizing executive who is married with two children, and
becomes pregnant. Mollie leaves upset, and immediately goes into
labor. Mollie realizes that she needs James to help her. Mollie
takes Mikey to Albert's office to meet him, but when Albert
claims he doesn't want the responsibility of being a father,
Mollie realizes he hasn't changed and she and Mikey ruin several
pieces of his furniture before storming out and putting Albert
out of their lives for good. Mollified, Carraway leaves.
Mollified, Jeff offers to take her out to dinner to celebrate.
Molly (Kate Hudson) and Carl (Matt Dillon) are preparing for
their wedding day in Hawaii, until Carl's friend Neil (Seth
Rogen) interrupts to say that Randolph Dupree (Owen Wilson) got
lost. Molly Mahoney is going home for her mother's wedding, and
is bringing her boyfriend to meet her family. Molly Thatcher (Lee
Remick) is a stockbroker languishing in a company run by sexist
Bullard Bear (Jim Backus). Molly agrees to help Roy rebuild his
self-confidence in exchange for the golf lessons. Molly and Henry
have trouble figuring out Universal Widgets' reason for
existence; its only factory burned down around the time of the
Civil War. Molly further suggests that Roy go back to the
qualifying school and get on the Tour. Molly goes to a rodeo,
where a bucking bronco tosses rider Duke Hudkins right into her
lap. Molly grows cool to Kirk after this, believing he fled to
avoid meeting her parents. Molly informs Lady Devenish that she
has always longed to own her own taxi and plans to use the money
to start up in the business. Molly is upset that Kirk is so
insecure that he felt he could only be with her if something was
wrong with her. Molly learns of Jack's affair after finding a
wrapped condom in his pants as she is cleaning up after him one
day. Molly meets Henry Tyroon (James Garner), an aggressive
wheeler dealer who dresses, talks, and acts like a stereotypical
Texas millionaire. Molly responds by describing him as one she
could spend the rest of her life with. Molly sets up Dupree with
a woman at her work, a primary school, who is a Mormon librarian.
Molly then invites herself to Kirk's family lunch, where she
charms his family and even Ron after highly intimidating the men
of the house with her looks. Molly's attentions to Kirk stir
jealousy in Marnie, who feels upstaged by Molly's attractiveness,
and takes a sudden interest in Kirk again. Molly, surprised,
punches him. Molly, who gained several clients at the tournament,
prepares for a career of helping players with the mental portion
of the game. Moments after a justice of the peace pronounces the
redheaded Steve and Caroline man and wife, Maria rushes in,
claiming that Steve is her husband and the father of her three
redheaded children, which she has paraded in at that moment.
Moments after they leave, Lee gets jumped on by Gwen's dog.
Moments later, the car rolls down the hill and onto a pier,
despite Joel's futile attempt to stop it. Moments later, while
exploring the halls, Martin is attacked by LaPoubelle, whom he
kills in self-defense. Mona is in love with Gary and is furious
when she hears about Gary's date with Mimi. Money is tight in the
Hopper household, but Eddie, much to the distress of his wife,
Lola, decides that it is important to throw a lavish wedding to
impress the well-off family of the man Betsy is to marry. Monica
is bothered by Tina's meddling, but Whittier momentarily lets her
cheerleading ambition get the better of her, and betrays Derek.
Monica, in turn, is pursued by the chemist, Austin Lowe. Monique,
who is engaged to powerful Count Alfredo Donstelli (Erik Rhodes),
makes a public accusation against Philippe, and the priggish head
of the Purity League (Eily Malyon) exploits the incident until it
becomes a national scandal, with Philippe dubbed "The Kissing
Monster". Monroe begins making plans for them to be together when
she is 18 and Minnie leaves him. Montana and David seek to
further unnerve Celeste by bringing back Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin
Kline), an actor who Celeste arranged to be fired from The Sun
Also Sets decades before, after his romantic relationship with
Celeste went sour. Montana, desperate to stop them, reiterates
that she is pregnant with Jeffrey's child, but she is publicly
ruined by Rose who, with the help of vengeful Ariel Maloney (Teri
Hatcher), who wanted Jeffrey for herself, reveals the secret from
a high school yearbook that Montana is actually a transsexual
named Milton Moorehead. Months after his stint in the hospital,
Axler's agent, Jerry Oppenheim, visits him at his upstate New
York home to tell him about an offer to play James Tyrone in Long
Day's Journey into Night. Months go by and Mimi has become a
happy woman, although she has not forgot about Alan. Months
later, Calvin reluctantly takes Ruby to meet his free-spirited
mother Gertrude (Annette Bening) and her boyfriend Mort (Antonio
Banderas). Months later, Louise calls Pegeen's parents in
Lansing, Michigan, to tell them that their daughter is now
sleeping with Axler. Months later, Phillip learns from another
inmate that Steven is dying of AIDS. Months later, Shep returns
and discovers Gillian has lost her magic powers because of her
love for him. Months later, the Tramp is released. Monty James is
a mechanic with three daughters: 5- year old China, 7 - year old
Lauryn and 12 - year old Sierra, who dreams of owning his own
shop. Monty accepts help from Maya, an employment agency worker,
who recommends he works as a driver for Julia Rossmore, an
attorney in Atlanta. Monty and Julia kiss, and the neighbors
celebrate Monty's success. Monty drives away and crashes into
Jennifer and Joe's car, after which he physically assaults Joe
and a crowd gathers. Monty is willing but Julia is too drunk and
vomits in the bathroom. Monty later goes to Julia for help, which
she does during the court case. Monty overhears Julia’s friend
and is hurt. Monty returns to his day job as a mechanic and finds
the owner Willie has been injured in a robbery. Monty tells Julia
that he loves her. Moran and Oxford Charlie are arrested. Morgan
boards the Reaper and blows out the ship's bottom to get to the
gold. Morgan directs hers toward a coral reef. Morgan figures out
that the words on the map, when read backwards, spell out half
the coordinates to the island. Morgan kills Dawg with a cannon
and saves Shaw, forced to abandon the treasure to escape the
sinking ship. Morgan suggests that he enlist the help of Leslie,
since she did not approve of his previous gorgeous physical
therapist, so Leslie moves into their home. Morley (Lyle Bettger)
was called in to identify the body at the morgue after the tragic
train accident, and he figures out through a series of events
that Helen is hiding and now married into money. Morton has
invented a helicopter that is easy to fly and gotten financial
backing from Nuboult (Paul Harvey). Morton persuades Seattle
tycoon Floyd Hendrickson (Ray Collins) to come to a demonstration
at the Rose Bowl, while hiring a private detective to search for
Maisie. Morton suspects Maisie is an industrial spy when he
learns of her deception, but she convinces him she was merely
trying to avoid romantic trouble. Most likely to make the Sixers
her new team, Scott quickly stops her when he realizes that he is
in love with her. Most of the plot involves their numerous
attempts to have sex, which are usually successful for Rick and
David, but rarely for Gary. Mother Nature reminds her that, in
growing older, she is making way for a girl like Izzie to replace
her. Mother is upset because she is unable to get customers into
her drug store. Motorcycle policemen stop them on the road, and
Lucy, plotting to spend more time with Jerry, wrecks the car.
Moved by Silent Bob's story, Holden devises a plan to fix both
his relationship with Alyssa and his estranged friendship with
Banky. Moved by her memory, they decide to settle in Verona's old
family home. Moved by his actions, Cadence agrees to have sex
with him in a supply closet before the ceremony, but Stifler's
presence is delayed by a brief thank-you meeting Jim calls among
his groomsmen, citing how he is grateful to have friends like
them to back him up. Moved by his declaration, Maggie tells him
she did not use her Hall Pass either, and they reconcile and have
sex for the first time in months. Mr Collins, a cousin of Mr
Bennet and heir to the Longbourn estate, visits the Bennet
family. Mr Crowley takes the boy home, where Carl is on the phone
to the police; reporting him missing. Mr Darcy accuses her family
of wanting propriety and suggests he has been kinder to Bingley
than himself. Mr Darcy and his cousin, Colonel FitzWilliam, visit
Lady Catherine. Mr Darcy, however, has fallen in love with
Elizabeth and proposes to her. Mr Emerson died during the course
of the war, shortly after having an argument with the police
about Lucy continuing to play Beethoven (a German composer) on
the piano during the war. Mr Kholi, a rich, crass, clumsy, and
ostentatious Americanized relative, proposes to Lalita. Mr. Mrs
Bennet states loudly that she expects Jane and Bingley to become
engaged and each member of the family exposes the whole to
ridicule. Mrs Gardiner informs Elizabeth that it is Mr Darcy who
has made the match and hints that he may have a motive for doing
so. Mrs. Ms. Much like Bobby's car race, the race ends with Lenny
and Bobby flying over the edge of a cliff, and the car exploding
in a fiery wreck. Much of the discord is triggered by the news
that Sarah's TV show has been canceled and that Aldous is about
to embark on a world tour with his group, Infant Sorrow, for 18
months. Much of the film is presented as flashbacks. Much of the
film subsequently takes place in Joel's mind, during this memory
erasure procedure. Much of the humor comes from how awkward each
boy is at romance and how naive they are about sex. Much of the
story is shown in flashback as Peabody tells his skeptical doctor
the source of his malaise. Much to her mother Lillian and her
best friend Amy's disgust. Much to the couple's surprise, the
police know that Johnny won the money; instead, they arrest Mibs,
as the auditors tracked the $75,000 to her. Much to the dismay of
Kelton, she agrees to go on a date with 'Harold'. Much to the
frustration of Dixon, who is being considered for promotion to
director of the US Customs branch, Viktor chooses not to break
out of the terminal but wait patiently until he can legally enter
the United States. Muffin says that she knows about Ellie and
Barry, and tells them that she is bisexual, implying that she is
interested in a sexual affair with both Bebe and Ellie.
Multibillionaire Preston Blake freezes to death while on a
mountain climbing expedition. Munroe's room mate Biff Roberts
(Jerry Van Dyke) and plain-jane Amanda North (Zeme North) try to
seduce each other. Murdoch Glourie (also played by Donat) haunts
the castle after dying a coward’s death in the 18th century.
Muriel agrees to marry David for $10,000 hoping to pay her father
off. Muriel doesn't notice her mother at the back of the church
and just walks past. Muriel had asked Rhonda to be a bridesmaid
but Rhonda turned her down. Muriel immediately leaves the house
and moves to Sydney where she shares a flat with Rhonda and
changes her name to 'Mariel'. Muriel realizes that she can move
beyond her family-of-origin issues, that her actions have
consequences and that her choices matter. Muriel then co-opts
Rhonda's health crisis as the basis of a deception to obtain a
free photo shoot from a bridal shop. Muriel visits Rhonda at her
mother's house and offers to take her back Sydney. Muriel's
father is accompanied by his mistress and Muriel's mother arrives
late to the wedding, missing the actual ceremony. Murphy arrests
Pander for speeding and calls immigration. Murphy intervenes, and
the police sergeant (Sidney Toler) makes calls to arrange a
marriage license and to hire a minister (Donald Meek). Murphy
says he only needs $2 and maybe his naturalization papers. Murray
is kidnapped by a group of Hassids, taken to a Rabbinic Court,
and interrogated. Murray lives with Othella (Tonya Pinkins) and
her children, one of whom gets head lice. Murray takes the boy to
Avigal, the attractive widow of a Hassidic rabbi, for treatment.
Murray tells her Fioravante is a massage healer who can help her
and takes her to see him. Murray, whose used bookstore has
failed, convinces his friend and former employee Fioravante (John
Turturro) to take the gig, as both are short of money. Mutual
suspicions result in divorce. My name is Inigo Montoya. Mya is
ready to marry Zeke, but Zeke shows hesitation. Mücke tells him
afterwards that he had an affair with Britta and that Britta has
had a lot of affairs. NASA decides to replace him instead of
delaying the mission. NASA is training for the first manned
mission to Mars by the spacecraft Aries. Nadia (Shannon
Elizabeth) is coming to visit Jim in August. Nadia also realizes
this and tells him, "Go, get your band geek, and I will find
mine". Nadia informs John that her real name is Sophia. Nadia,
Yuri, and Alexei are criminals, and Alexei is actually Nadia's
boyfriend. Naive, Jim is stunned when he finds out that O'Connor
is doing all this just to get Glory to sign with Kelsey and that
the marriage is just a publicity stunt. Nan is so fond of her
brother now that her feelings can't be real. Nana tells the story
of her young life when she was sent to a ghetto and then a
concentration camp. Nancy (Hayley Mills), the dramatic and kind-
hearted eldest, remembers a large yellow house that the Careys
had admired when they visited the small town of Beulah, Maine,
and makes an inquiry about it. Nancy (Union) is a divorced
mother, who is too busy taking care of her three children to take
care of herself. Nancy Lee, the mayor's daughter, and Hank have
come to California, and Hank tells Ben he took his own advice to
"do what a man's gotta do". Nancy accepts the role, though she is
unaware that Ricardo has already promised it to her mother. Nancy
and David decide marriage isn't necessary. Nancy and Julia
promise to redesign the dress as they give her pointers on how to
act around boys ("Femininity"). Nancy conceals her identity and
begins to observe Eve's romantic entanglements even as she
counsels Eve through her radio show. Nancy does not know that
Paul is trying to help her and mistakes his paternal concern for
a marriage proposal. Nancy laughs, but tells him she doesn't
believe he's crazy. Nancy presents the picture Osh had produced:
unfortunately, it is a frighteningly ugly woman and Tom feels
insulted and angry at Osh. Nancy's post-coital euphoria overcomes
her normal intellectual approach, and she encourages Eve to give
in to, rather than resist, her feelings. Nancy, the 19-year-old
daughter of Frank and Elaine Benson (Bob Hope and Jane Wyman),
wants to marry David (Tim Matheson), the 20-year-old son of
Oliver Poe (Jackie Gleason). Naomi admits that although her life
is better, she still misses her best friend and reaches out to
him. Naomi and Ely have a "No Kiss List" where every guy on the
list is forbidden to them both. Naomi and Ely have been best
friends and neighbours in the same apartment building for years.
Naomi arrives and Ely asks Bruce to hide in the closet while he
hastens her out. Naomi realizes that her dream to be with Ely
will never come true. Naomi remembers that Bruce 2 chews sugar
free gum and Ely doesn't. Naomi says that they both "embrace the
hatred" and that's what marriage is about. Narration begins,
mirroring the narration done by Eliot in the beginning of the
film, with Dan revealing himself to be a Baxter as well,
describing his lament at losing the girl (Cecil) to the leading
man (Eliot). Nasser sees Tania at the train platform while she is
running away, and he shouts to her but she disappears. Nasser
visits Papa, and the two discuss their respective failures,
agreeing between them that only Omar's future matters now. Nasser
visits the laundrette with his mistress, Rachel. Nat and Josh
have a conversation about his suggestion of Chloe dating Guy. Nat
appears behind Josh, who awkwardly assumed he is the one she
wants to speak to, but it turns out she was there for Guy. Nat
becomes annoyed when Josh, knowing she would be late, admitted
that he deliberately told her the wrong time, causing her to turn
up early. Nat becomes more frustrated with Josh's clumsy and
patronising attempt to teach her how to play properly, as well as
with her growing jealousy towards Chloe, who can play well. Nat
brings out the same expensive lingerie for the special occasion,
and struggles to do it up because of two broken hooks,
remembering the circumstances in which they were broken - her
with Guy. Nat comments that she's not the marrying type, still
unable to tell Guy she's married. Nat contemplates phoning Guy,
but then decides to go to the restaurant, where her friends and
family are there waiting to surprise the couple. Nat ends up
kissing Guy and Chloe shares a kiss with Josh. Nat tries to
discourage Josh from accompanying her to a work party, but he is
determined, irritating her. Nat's sister Naomi has issues with
her own husband's annoying habits. Natalie (Martine McCutcheon)
is a new junior member of the household staff at 10 Downing
Street. Natalie and Wilimena notice Lindsey reaching for Wesley's
hand, which was injured in the fight. Natalie is held hostage by
dr Brinkman, who puts an ice cube with a nanobot inside on her
forehead to make her father program the system. Natalie seems
ashamed, but the President has a sly grin on his face. Natalie
welcomes David back from his flight in view of the press,
indicating that their relationship is now public. Natalie,
Wesley, Walter, Wilimena, and Lindsey become trapped in an
elevator after Wesley and Walter fight. Natascha avoids him and,
before docking at port, jumps off the ship and swims ashore. Nate
Cooper is unable to get it together with women. Nate reintroduces
himself to Cristabel and they hit it off. Nate sets out for the
beaches of California and meets up with his geeky best friend
Arno, whose mother has an unnatural amount of information about
Cristabel, and perhaps an unusual relationship with her son. Nate
sets out to find a boyfriend for June, but men recoil at the
sight of her. Nate tells this to Cristabel, who is happy for
June. Nate then tries to find June, and finds her, telling her
how he feels. Nathan and Lube make Rob go first, but Monique dies
while performing oral sex on him. Nathan attempts to reconcile
with Dana but offends her, making her leave once again. Nathan
reveals that his girlfriend, Dana, has pledged to abstain from
sex until marriage despite the fact that she has already slept
with six other people. National Soccer Team. Nationals, and
despite strong performances in the short program and long
program, they are on track to come in third-place, which does not
advance them to the Olympics. Naveen tells Ray he loves Tiana and
is willing to give up his dreams for her, but before he can tell
her, he is captured by the demons and brought to Facilier.
Naville gives O'Reilly and Jackson the money, and they go to meet
Robert in the forest. Navy flying boat in a storm, then he is a
magnificent surgeon performing a one-of-a-kind surgery, then as a
deadly assassin testifying in a courtroom, and then as a Royal
Air Force pilot volunteering for a daring, secret suicide mission
to bomb an ammunition dump. Navy helicopter to speed the
repatriation is State Department officialJ. Navy lt Lawrence
Kingslee (Peter Lawford) falls in love with her. Navy sailors do
not believe that Henri is a war "bride". Navy veteran and a
former shipmate of Gilhooley, returns from a fishing trip aboard
an outrigger canoe. Navy veteran and the only physician in the
archipelago, who is about to begin a one or two week pre-
Christmas circuit of the "outer islands," taking care of the
health needs of the residents. Navy, is sent to investigate when
anOS. Nazi Spies Mistake Snuffy Smith's moonshine for a new
secret rocket fuel and try to steal the "formula". Near Summer's
end, Jeffrey observes that a regular onlooker, "Big Sid", is
feeding signals to Brody, the true cause of Brody's winning ways.
Near a house is a doghouse labeled "Killer" with a dog (Spike) in
it. Near a subway construction site, she sees Ronnie Belden run
out of a house and drive away. Near the end of the film, an
escaping would-be killer leaves behind a piece of tar paper,
which reminds Melsa of the subway construction site. Near the end
of their journey, Phelps creates a distraction, and the two men
jump off, landing in a hay wagon. Nearing Paris, Leslie and
Maggie have a spirited argument regarding the roles of men, women
and sex in relationships. Nearing the end of their journey, Ellie
confesses her love to Peter. Nearly 55 years earlier, in 1875,
Lady Shane is the young Sarah Millick, a wealthy London girl, who
is having a singing lesson with her dashing music teacher, Carl
Linden. Nearly six months after the scandal began, the girls are
seen leading the company, with Ava as the new CEO and Tanzie
working as a chemist with them both finding their true loves. Ned
is sure that the haughty Veronica will have nothing in common
with a shallow TV weatherman, but Taylor does find a way to
attract her interest. Needing to come up with the money in one
night, he challenges the wait staff to sell more food than they
have ever sold, with the top waiter receiving $10,000 in cash and
the lowest waiter getting a "broken ribs sandwich" courtesy of
the champ. Needing to drown his sorrows, Harvey goes to an
airport bar and sees Kate who is there having a solitary lunch.
Neel is an ace guitarist who has his own problems &mdash; he is
attracted to a pretty girl, Preeti (Riya Sen) but cannot muster
the courage to talk to her. Nefarious schemes are called for and
when the Princess is kidnapped, something must be done. Neil
deals with his resentment towards his wife, and unhappiness at
running a funeral home inherited from his father in law. Neil is
the rich suitor she's been dreaming about, one who even buys a
taxi rather than just hailing a ride from one. Neil quits the
rink, and is replaced by Gordon. Neil, who was raised in
California by their English father, is a carefree young man who
wants to become a rancher in the United States. Neither Andie nor
Ben reveals their true intentions. Neither is fond of their step-
father Pete, a friend of their late father, who died of a heart
attack at the age of 39. Neither party is happy with the
arrangement; and Sullivan eventually persuades his guardians to
leave him alone and arranges to rendezvous with them in Las Vegas
later. Neither she nor Andrew Larkin (Van Johnson), the shop's
senior salesman, suspects that they are each other's anonymous
pen pal. Neither sibling is to be deterred by the other from
their respective romantic attachments. Neither understands the
other's language, though they think they are communicating on
some level. Nell must learn how to play football for Woody's
Homecoming game and Woody must learn about poetry and literature
for Nell's Yale interview. Nell receives a letter from Yale
informing her that she has been accepted, meaning that her
interview (done by Woody in her body) was successful; however,
she is still upset with Woody and has decided not to go to the
Homecoming Dance. Nellie's husband Henry, free on parole, is
joyously reunited with his wife. Nelson reads over Matt's comic
and convinces him that it is worth submitting to a publisher.
Nelson tells him that even if the child isn't his biologically,
it is still his child because he and Jenn wanted to have it
together. Nena, a journalist and ex-student of a dance academy,
tries to prevent her former school from being sold to a group of
drug dealers. Nestor admits to having killed Lord X, but only
because of his love for Irma. Nestor and Irma barely make it
through the ceremony before she goes into labor and delivers
their baby. Nestor's plans to keep Irma off the streets soon
backfire and she becomes suspicious, since Nestor must work long
and hard to earn the cash "Lord X" pays Irma. Network executives
offer to syndicate Isabella's show nationally, but only after
demanding a number of changes, including firing Monica. Network
honcho Edmund Edwards (Garry Marshall) sees potential in the
relationship and makes Lori a regular cast member. Never having
the best success with women, he is flattered when Evelyn shows an
interest in him and, at Evelyn's suggestion, begins a regular
exercise regimen, eats healthier foods, dresses more stylishly,
acts more confident and dominant, and begins wearing contact
lenses instead of his usual eyeglasses. Nevertheless, Billy
successfully progresses through his first two grades.
Nevertheless, Ina is determined to reconcile with Lincoln and
grabs every chance on seducing him. Nevertheless, Keaton grows
closer to Leahy, and Beery challenges him to a fight at sunrise.
Nevertheless, Kent's grandmother, played by Beryl Mercer, and her
uncle, played by Claude Gillingwater, do their best to help the
romance between Kent and Armstrong. Nevertheless, Lord Varney
declares his love for her and decides to write a love poem to
Kitty. Nevertheless, Miss Lily begins to warm to the troupe.
Nevertheless, Rosie's insecurity over her age begins to come out,
egged on by her internal conversations with Mother Nature (Tracey
Ullman), and she confesses to Adam that she is not sure that
their relationship is going to work, to his confusion.
Nevertheless, Val enjoys a "Hollywood ending" of his own—his
movie is a hit in France. Nevertheless, Will marries Joan.
Nevertheless, fate continued to set them up with each other until
one day when Sally approached Marty and asked him to autograph
her copy of the comics he wrote. Nevertheless, she still finds
herself yearning for Rick, who has not spoken to her since the
prom. Nevertheless, she tolerates increasing signs of affection
between Michael and Lina in her presence. Nevertheless, the
effects of their spells – and Samantha's attempts to hide their
supernatural origin from mortals – drive the plot of most
episodes. Nevertheless, when she meets the man of her dreams, a
doctor named Colin (Eric Winter) living next to her, Mike
convinces her that by following his advice she will improve her
chances with Colin. New England librarian Prudence Bell (Suzanne
Pleshette) recommended a book, Lovers Must Learn, to one of her
students. New York cartoonist Duffy Bergman marries gourmet chef
Meg Lloyd. New York lawyer Sheldon Mills (Woody Allen) has
problems with his overly critical mother Sadie Millstein (Mae
Questel). New York lawyer and playboy Clay Dalzell (William
Powell) is asked by old friend Tim Winthrop to locate his
girlfriend Alice, who mysteriously disappeared in Chicago a year
ago. New York magazine editor Margot Sherwood "Merrick" (Myrna
Loy) invents a husband (who is conveniently away in remote
corners of the world) mainly to safeguard her job; the magazine
publisher's jealous wife has had the last two women in her
position fired after mere months. New York novelist Henry Fonda
meets up with an actress, Margaret Sullavan, and the two date and
later marry, though neither knows of the other's fame. New York
serves as a backdrop for a cast of characters in search of love,
lust or lucre including a woman who makes awkward moves on the
man renovating her SoHo loft, an embezzler, a sleazy artist and a
phone psychic. New bonds are created between these three young
men. New relationships have formed as well -- Dinky and Lenny are
now a couple (who bonded because of their sensitive digestive
system), Spanky is finally getting some girls, the Goth girl and
Gurkin are dating, and Sydney and Tyler are together. Newly
divorced and at a crossroads, Gilbert steps out of her comfort
zone, risking everything to change her life, embarking on a
journey around the world that becomes a quest for self-discovery.
Newly imbued with the spirit of democracy and self-determination,
Ruggles becomes his own man, giving up his previous employment
and opening a restaurant in Red Gap. Newly single Kate insists
the whole brewery crew go out the next evening for drinks to
celebrate her 'singleness. Newly single, he begins waiting tables
at a swinging Chelsea hotspot where the indelible supporting cast
of co-workers offers conflicting directions on the off-road map
to love and lust in New York City. Newlyweds John and Judy,
heading off to their honeymoon, run into Tony who is awaiting
Colin as he returns from America. News reporters line the outdoor
chapel, proclaiming this the Cinderella story of the decade.
Newspaper reporter "Scoops" (Brown) is sent out on assignment, to
investigate the failed assassination attempts on Archduke Julio
(Harry Davenport). Newspaper reporter Pete (Bing Crosby) works in
a Paris orphanage. Newton Davis (Steve Martin) is a struggling
architect. Newton and Gwen come to an agreement in which Gwen
will help Newton win Becky, and in return she'll get all the
furniture in the house. Newton answers that they were all true
and chases after Gwen. Newton stops Gwen as she is about to board
a bus to leave town. Newton watches, confused, as Gwen leaves.
Next day at school, Holly confronts Adam angrily because of his
failed attempt to disguise as Ben and break up with her mother
over the phone didn't go according to plan. Next day, when Holly
mistakenly thinks Ben is marrying someone else, she disrupts the
wedding to tell Ben he should be with her mother, not knowing he
was there because the bride is his dear friend and he was
catering the wedding. Next morning police bust into Logan's room
waking both up and arresting Chelsea for Taft's murder. Next
morning, Bronc explains to Denny and she is relieved. Next
morning, Jordan wakes up in Julia's apartment and happens to see
her financial papers showing a large amount of debt, as well as
boxes of sex toys and a spotless kitchen. Next to arrive are
cashiers Corey (Liv Tyler), an overachieving high school student,
and her uninhibited best friend and co-worker Gina (Renée
Zellweger), both of whom are informed of the situation. Next,
Beth tells Denis his shirt smells and forces him to take it off.
Next, Darla demands that Lauren move the wedding up to this
Saturday; she says she's pregnant, but the child is not Jay's.
Next, Dennis injures a man while driving; Sylvia is a passenger
and gives her name as Jenny Swanson to avoid scandal. Next,
Michael "Guns" Donovan (John Wayne), another expatriateS. Next,
Pitka tells Darren to write an apology note to Prudence. Next, he
attempts to court Thirza Tapper, a nervous wreck who almost
collapses when Sweetland proposes to her. Next, she spots
handsome Andre Briault, "the famous tennis champion", and his
girlfriend Simone. Next, the troupe travels to a mental
institution at which they have previously performed pro bono.
Next, their famous clients each return to the castle in Ireland,
even though they are not permitted to be there pending division
of assets. Nicholas comes upon Mia as she is practicing her
archery as part of her coronation rites. Nicholas decides against
attending, but his surly housekeeper Gretchen informs him that
Mabrey engineered their televised scandal. Nicholas is distraught
over his failed relationship with Judy and confers with his
lawyer over preventing the divorce. Nicholas is guilt-stricken
and immediately returns home and confesses to Judy his sin.
Nicholas later drives to Ivan's apartment and finds the letter.
Nicholas pursues her even more, which causes both of them to fall
into a fountain. Nicholas then informs Mia that he is leaving,
but asks to see her just one more time before he goes. Nicholas
then invites her to the Coronation Ball, where she persuades
Nicholas to draw up a contract in which he confesses his and the
Germans' intent, but only if the Prince agrees to a general
election. Nick "The Zone" Falzone (John Cusack) and his fellow
air traffic controllers at New York TRACON pride themselves on
their ability to handle the intense stress of being a controller
for one of the busiest airspaces in the country, even boasting of
the 50% drop-out rate for new additions to the staff who are
unable to cope with the pressure. Nick Bottom, who is playing the
main role of Pyramus, is over-enthusiastic and wants to dominate
others by suggesting himself for the characters of Thisbe, the
Lion, and Pyramus at the same time. Nick Marshall, a Chicago
advertising executive and alpha male, who grew up with his Las
Vegas showgirl mother, is a chauvinist. Nick Young, the heir
apparent of an extremely wealthy old-money Singapore family
living in New York City and working as a professor goes home for
the first time in years to attend his best friend's wedding. Nick
along with Marty goes to the rave party. Nick and Brooke perform
My Funny Valentine before being forced to flee when the real band
shows up. Nick and Darcy begin to spend more time together, and
ultimately they kiss. Nick and Ed talk about love, and Ed decides
he loves Amy more than he is angry. Nick and Lisa are left
pushing Thea to the hospital in a desk chair. Nick and Toula
eventually realize that Patrick is also Angelo's romantic
partner, and welcome him into the family. Nick arrives in his
car, telling Kathy to get used to being a biker chick because she
will never see him again. Nick carries her to an ER over her
protests, and takes her (loopy with painkillers) back to her
place. Nick decides to help Brooke find her missing purse. Nick
eavesdrops on Darcy and sabotages her ideas to use as his own.
Nick feels challenged by the new controller's ability to out-
perform him at seemingly every task and warns his supervisor that
Bell is a loose cannon, especially after discovering that Russell
once stood on a runway to allow himself to be violently propelled
by a landing commercial airliner's jetwash. Nick finally visits
Darcy and explains everything. Nick had discovered this fact a
day earlier, and when Kat finds that out, she feels betrayed from
all sides, and puts Nick off. Nick hides out with his sister
Joanie and returns with help from his friend in Ukiah, Frank
"Fuzzy" DeFalco. Nick holds her back by the stomach, and her
balloon pops, blowing her cover. Nick inherits a fortune when an
elderly neighbor of Joanie takes a liking to him and decides to
put him in her will. Nick invites Lauren to meet him at the fire-
station that night for dinner. Nick invites her to lunch, but she
uses a wedding as an excuse - so Nick invites himself to the
wedding. Nick is prepared to fight for his firm until he sees La
Fortuna and learns its history and decides it might be worth
preserving after all. Nick is taken aback, acts hurt, and
defiantly says that he sees himself as on the way to making it
big in the music business and way beyond even what she can ever
envision and that she will regret her decision. Nick is the son
of Uncle Phil's girlfriend Rose (Ebersole), and he is asked to
show Vada around the city. Nick is then arrested for attempted
kidnapping, and Leila is brought back to the clinic. Nick loses
his gift during a storm while trying to find a company secretary,
Erin, who (telepathic ability revealed) is contemplating suicide.
Nick lost contact with Marty and Sally after that incident. Nick
meets up with the two at the mall's cinema. Nick offers Lauren a
carousel ride before they return. Nick offers to try to pay for a
room for Brooke to stay in overnight, but she insists that she
needs to return home before the morning. Nick persuades his boss
to give Darcy her job back by saying that it was all Darcy's
idea. Nick pretends to have mental problems so he can go into the
clinic with Leila, but only after Leila once again attempts
suicide does her doctor admit him. Nick returns the phone to the
woman, Brooke (Alice Eve). Nick reveals that Sally is planning to
sneak out of her house again, this time to make out with him.
Nick said that he would marry Sally. Nick says they dated briefly
but were never a couple - Darla is not his type. Nick seeks his
advice on how to get his personal life back in order, but Russell
is unable to make Nick understand with words. Nick shows up and
helps her get back the gown-part. Nick takes Lauren through a
beautiful park, on a romantic rowboat ride, and to a little
carnival. Nick thanks Marty the next day and gives him a ticket
to a rave party. Nick then gets "the best Christmas present a
youth could receive," starting a secret relationship with Sheeni.
Nick then launches a new parenting division at the publishing
company, and he wants Thea to be the editor. Nick tricks everyone
into thinking he went to India, thereby escaping the police. Nick
tries to explain the situation to Bianca and dr Kohlmar, but they
do not believe him. Nick's friends attack the rapping biker who
fights back, leaving Nick and his buddies unconscious and Nick
himself in the hospital with a broken nose. Nick's life continues
like a normal teenager's with his best friend Leroy,ka. Nick's
mother has him arrested for bigamy and all parties appear before
the same judge that married Nick and Bianca earlier that day.
Nick, Sally, and a reluctant Marty watches a Hollywood
blockbuster action film. Nick, driving away, picks up Ed as
Jeffrey disappears into the woods. Nick, flustered by the
revelation that he's now married to two women, makes great effort
to keep the truth from his new wife all the while trying to quash
her amorous advances. Nickie Ferrante (Cary Grant), a well-known
playboy and dilettante in the arts, meets Terry McKay (Deborah
Kerr) aboard the Transatlantic ocean liner en route from Europe
to New York. Nickie announces she is not going to remain at this
job for the rest of her life, prompting the girls to speculate on
alternative careers ("There's Gotta Be Something Better Than
This"), but Herman brings them back down to earth. Nickie does
not notice her condition because she is seated and only says
hello as he passes her. Nickie finally learns Terry's address
and, on Christmas Eve, makes a surprise visit to her. Nickie has
pursued his talent as a painter and has his work displayed by an
old friend, an art shop owner. Nickie, a fellow dancer, tells
Charity that her problem is "you run your heart like a hotel —
you've always got people checking in and checking out". Nicky Van
Allen, a cousin, begins meddling in the family's affairs. Nicky
has had a speech impediment and a disfigured jaw since Cassius
hit him in the face with a shovel. Nicky's first encounter with
his brothers occurs when Adrian sees him with Valerie, takes
mental control of his body, and makes him scare her away. Nick’s
latest temporary job is as a cleaner in a psychiatric clinic,
where he prevents the barefooted patient Leila (Wokalek) from
committing suicide just as he is being fired from this latest
employment. Nico (Jonah Blechman) is the most flamboyant,
outgoing, and effeminate of the group. Nico is what every woman
wants; handsome, intelligent, a good person and loves kids. Nico
tries to secure an online date with a man named Ryder (Matthew
Rush), but ends up with the grandfather (George Marcy) of their
lesbian friend Muffler. Nicole Maris (Melissa Joan Hart) and
Chase Hammond (Adrian Grenier) live next door to each other.
Nicole also punches Willoughby in the face upon learning he works
for Hawk. Nicole and Chase's scheme is to publicly date each
other to attract the interest and jealousy of their respective
romantic prey. Nicole and Simon get married. Nicole and Simon
hide in a utility closet until the museum closes. Nicole is a
popular socialite up on the latest fashions; Chase is an
unpopular activist and trouble-maker on the latest protest.
Nicole lives with her divorced mother and Chase's mother died of
cancer, making them two teens living with their single parents.
Nicole wants a dream date with the star basketball player for
their school's senior prom, but right before it was certain they
were going together, he falls in love with a cheerleader. Nicole
wouldn't miss a pep rally or basketball game with her scheming
socialite friends. Nightclub manager Darnell Wright is a
perpetual playboy and hopeless male chauvinist. Nightclub singer
Rusty Wells (Elvis) and his band have just closed their
engagement at the club where they work in Chicago, and are just
about ready to leave for their annual spring break trip to Fort
Lauderdale, Florida—that is, until the club's owner, Big Frank
(Harold Stone), extends their stay at his club, foiling the
band's plans for some sun and fun in Florida. Nikhil (Sidharth
Malhotra) is a struggling businessman whose girlfriend Karishma
(Adah Sharma) is an actress. Nikhil helps Meeta to hack her
father's account but advises her to apologize to her family.
Nikhil is a guy who believes that once you are committed to a
girl, there should be no straying. Nikhil later scolds Meeta for
being so ready to run away and says that he cannot torture
Karishma even though Karishma has emotionally tortured him
throughout their relationship. Nikhil later tells Meeta on the
phone that he should have gone with her to Goa when she asked him
to come with her 7 years ago. Nikhil leaves Meeta and later
regrets doing so. Nikhil meets Meeta (Parineeti Chopra),
Karishma's younger sister, with whom he had a brief encounter 7
years ago. Nikhil tries to call her and sends many texts, which
go unanswered. Niki is a bubbly 17-year-old student. Nikko and
Courtney reconcile, and the group earns a standing ovation. Nikko
begs them to let him show where his "heart is". Nikko declines to
join the group, stating that he isn't interested in choir. Nikko
discovers from the other Spectacular. Nikko fears that she is mad
at him for turning his back on "Spectacular. Nikko invites
Courtney over to his house for a surprise, and when they get
there the whole group has assembled on Nikko's rooftop, where
they all perform "Your Own Way" for Courtney. Nikko learns of
Spectacular. Nikko recalls Courtney's offer of half the earnings
from the contest Spectacular. Nikko, who lives with his older
brother Stavros (Christopher Jacot), does not inform his brother
that he has joined show choir or that he is attempting to get a
record deal because he knows Stavros would not approve. Nina also
feels that Adam is not over his ex-girlfriend, Kate, who left him
for a woman, Anne, and whom came out as a lesbian. Nina and
George decide to invite Paul and his elderly acting mentor,
Rodney, for Thanksgiving. Nina asks George when he plans to move
out to which he replies that he doesn't know. Nina attends a
party given by her stepsister Constance (Allison Janney) and her
husband, Sidney (Alan Alda). Nina feels threatened and gets
jealous. Nina fully explains to George her feelings for him. Nina
is alarmed and asks Kevin if Adam knows who her lover is. Nina is
in fact a golddigger after Kenneth's money, while Henri is her
secret lover. Nina is now in a relationship with Louis, and
George is with Paul, both of them now happy. Nina sees the sights
with Ray and wants to marry him, so she asks her father for
permission. Nina tells George that her stepsister is constantly
trying to fix her up with somebody from higher society,
completely ignoring the fact that Nina has a boyfriend, Vince
(John Pankow). Nina tells both of them she doesn't want to know
who is the biological father of her child and tells Adam that she
and Kevin are going to raise the child. Nina then takes up
residence with Blackwood, serving as the inspiration for a novel
that will decide the fate of his and Sam's careers in writing and
publishing, all while evading operatives from communist Romania.
Nina turns up pregnant but doesn't know if the baby is Kevin's or
Adam's because she slept with both of them the same night. Nina,
knowing Kevin's past indiscretions of dumping women after he
sleeps with them and loses interest, doesn't believe his love
declaration and tells him she doesn't want to see him again.
Nina, meanwhile, tries to catch Ray's eye, while his private
pilot Mike (Dewey Martin) is trying to catch hers. Nine months
later, Mollie gives birth to her and James' daughter Julie. Nine
years after this incident, Quentin and Margo are senior pupils at
Winter Park High School. Ninette Sánchez (Elsa Pataky) is an
intelligent, sexy, charming and spontaneous Parisian girl,
daughter of Spanish republican exiles, working in the Galeries
Lafayette. Nita Holloway, a woman romantically involved with
veteran actor Preston "Mitch" Mitchell, tries to persuade him to
come out of retirement to appear in a Broadway play as the father
of a character played by a new teen idol, Tony Manza. Nita
arrives in the morning and mistakenly concludes an affair is
taking place, and soon others assume the same. No cops". No dogs
are allowed aboard, so she hides her Pomeranian under her shawl,
but her pet jumps off as the train pulls away. No matter what
they do, nothing ever goes right for them. No one in the shop
understands mr Matuschek's actions; they do not know that mr
Matuschek suspects Kralik of having an affair with his wife. Noah
Ashby (Adam DeVine) spends the perfect first night with the girl
of his dreams Avery Martin (Alexandra Daddario) but gets
relegated to the friend zone. Noble has been quietly buying up
the IOUs with Sam's help and abruptly takes control of the
family's business, leaving the Wonders without a show. Nobody
expected Helen to be named guardian of the children especially
since Jenny was already a super mom with two children and a third
on the way. Nobody in New York wants to hire him anymore because
he is difficult to work with. Nobody knows anything about him.
Nola Darling (Tracy Camilla Johns) is a young, attractive,
sexually independent Brooklynite who juggles three suitors: the
polite and well-meaning Jamie Overstreet (Tommy Redmond Hicks);
the self-obsessed model Greer Childs (John Canada Terrell); and
the immature, motor-mouthed Mars Blackmon (Spike Lee). Nola and
Jamie's reunion however, is followed by a coda which dismantles
the "happy ending" of the couple coming together. Nola dumps
Greer and Mars and then tells Jamie that she's is ready for a
monogamous relationship. Nola explains that she soon began to
cheat on Jamie and ultimately the relationship collapsed, though
she is vague on specifics or whether or not she resumed her
casual affairs with Mars or Greer (the latter of which vowed
never to have anything else to do with Nola after being dumped).
Nola is attracted to the best in each of them, but refuses to
commit to any of them, cherishing her personal freedom instead,
while each man wants her for himself. Nola proudly proclaims that
monogamy was a form of slavery and that her promiscuous lifestyle
is freedom in its purest form. Nola scoffs at this decision, and
visits him several days later at his apartment for casual sex.
Nolan tries to get his millionaire son Kenneth to invest $100,000
in a housing development called Nolan Heights. Nomad proposes
that they meet in person at the school's Halloween themed
homecoming dance. Non-existence of time is one aspect of the
protagonist that is loved by his friend. Nonetheless, Jake is
excited about the prospects of bonding with his father in sunny
Miami. Nonetheless, Ria agrees to return. Nonetheless, despite
the commoners' belief that it must be wonderful to be him, the
boy grows up lonely, without playmates his own age. Nonetheless,
the tabloids are already running reports that Rene is Kay's "love
chef". Noonan identifies himself as an employee of the eccentric
millionaire Schuyler Tatlock, who moved to Hawaii and has not
been seen in public for years. Nora Shelley is a tax expert for
the accounting company which is led by Paul Martin. Nora and
Deborah both start to cry and flee upstairs, where Ferd overhears
them. Nora and Mary sell their house to Gabe, who lets them live
with him and his wife, Olivia. Nora arrives at her new job and
learns that her boss is Edward. Nora decides to marry her fiance
Donald (William Post Jr) so that Sylvia can be her maid of honor
at her wedding, but when Donald returns from military duty, he
breaks the news that he has fallen in love with someone else.
Nora helps Tony court Sylvia, so that if he does genuinely love
the real Nora, it will not be because of her money. Nora holds a
gun to Grigio, and Julie and R escape from the stadium. Nora
hosts a tea, but has Sylvia again pretend to be her. Nora is
devastated that Edward is getting married, but Mary urges her to
go to the party and be honest with Edward about her feelings,
stating that if Edward announced an engagement so quickly "he is
way more confused that you are". Nora is now performing as the
star of the Aqua Capers show. Nora knows Dick is there to flirt,
but she offers him a job with the show, but Ferdi convinces his
friend Xavier Cugat to give Dick a position as a baritone at his
nightclub. Nora opens a free legal aid service from her aunt's
home. Nora opens the box and finds letters from her father to
Gabe, which his mother returned unopened. Nora quits law school
so she can find a job to help support herself and Mary, and tells
Mary to finish college. Nora remains confused and upset and
rejects him, so he leaves. Nora responds to a job in the
classifieds from a paper Edward gave her, and on the bus ride to
work she meets a woman who has been fired from her job as a
cleaning lady. Nora tells him that she and Sylvia switched rooms
that night. Norbit Albert Rice (Eddie Murphy) and Kate Thomas
(Thandie Newton) are best friends as children at a combination
Chinese restaurant and orphanage owned by their father figure, mr
Wong (Murphy), but are separated when Kate gets adopted. Norbit
is also belittled by Rasputia's older brothers, Big Black Jack
(Terry Crews), Blue (Lester 'Rasta' Speight), and Earl (Clifton
Powell), working as a bookkeeper at their local construction
company. Norbit reluctantly insults Kate, deliberately driving
her away so that Rasputia won't follow through with her previous
threat to kill Kate. Norbit vents out his anger over Rasputia's
infidelity at a puppet show for the children at the orphanage.
Norbit's meeting with Kate leads to him helping her rehearse her
wedding, where a kiss between the two of them causes her to
reconsider the marriage. Norma Shearer won the Academy Award for
Best Actress. Norman assumes he will be an executive, but his
father makes him deliver milk instead. Norman drives Amy to
distraction with his misguided, over-the-top attempts to win her
affection. Norman falls instantly in love with her (or rather
with the way she smells) and neglects his writing, causing Andy
untold headaches. Norman has worked in the theatre for all of his
life, but will not accept that the local council, which own the
theatre are planning to install more commercial management in an
attempt to boost audience numbers. Norman quits over what he
considers a betrayal, but quickly changes his mind and goes back
to work, cured of Amy. Norris is captured after confessing to the
murders and briefly holding Melsa and Ames at gunpoint. North
telephones a little later to say he will come pick it up.
Northbrook decides to take the Prince Regent out to the musical
performance The Coconut Girl. Norval Jones (Eddie Bracken), a
local 4-F boy who has been in love with Trudy for years, steps in
to help out, but Trudy's over-protective father (William
Demarest), a policeman, gets involved and complicates matters.
Not being able to find Schmidlap, she pursues Hunter, though her
Secretary "Vi" (Joan Blondell) warns her that she is playing a
dangerous game. Not even death is a serious topic for Hlynur —
intoxicating, out-all-night weekends inspire, "Each weekend I
drop dead". Not even his advisor, who looks and speaks
suspiciously like Yoda, is able to help him. Not having eaten
since breakfast, Charity faints. Not hearing from Don for three
days, Prudence decides to move on, and become a sophisticated
woman during the remaining time in Italy. Not knowing Brad
cheated on Lauren, Cookie wants Lauren to give the marriage a
second chance, but all Lauren wants is for Brad to stop stalling
and sign the divorce papers she sent him weeks ago. Not knowing
all this, Bernard is thrilled to hear from her, rushes to the
theater to meet her, and bumbles his way through an evening at
her apartment. Not knowing that the bellhop has fallen for her,
she asks him to take her to a bar called Jake's Joint, where Paul
likes to hang out. Not knowing what to do, Nicky has Todd kill
him so he can go back to Hell and ask his father for advice, but
his father has trouble hearing because his ears have fallen off,
and his assistants are in a panic because the midnight deadline
to capture Adrian and Cassius is only hours away. Not knowing
where Julius is and with so little time, Lauren and Daniel run to
find a gondola, most of which are booked by tourists eager to see
the sunset from the canals. Not long afterward, Ella's father Sir
Peter sends Ella off to finishing school with Hattie and Olive,
the daughters of the wealthy Dame Olga. Not long afterwards,
Candace loses patience with Shelby and confronts her, which leads
to a physical altercation between the two in front of Shelby's
daughter, after which Candace leaves the house with her and
Julian's daughters. Not much of a parent, Zowie has shirked his
fatherly responsibilities for most of his son’s life. Not only
does Gene not fall for it, but he tries to have his henchmen beat
Art up. Not only does he have a sordid past but he is also
involved in some rather unethical activity. Not only is Carol set
to marry her brother, but the intention to do so faces a fifteen
year prison sentence. Not recognizing Rosemary, Hal walks right
by her on his way to the pay phone to, ironically, reassure her
of his feelings, after refusing to date Jill because of his
feelings for Rosemary. Not recognizing her, he offers her money
so she can take a taxi home, but a woozy "Anya Smith" (as she
later calls herself) refuses to cooperate. Not revealing her
pregnancy, Dedee eventually moves in with her much older half-
brother Bill (Martin Donovan), a gay teacher in a conservative,
suburban community in Saint Joseph County, Indiana. Not
romantically involved, they are close friends with two childless
married couples, the placid Alex and Leslie and the sex-obsessed
Ben and Missy. Not seeing any other way out, Phil tells them it
is in a boathouse in Central Park. Not showing any emotion
towards the pizza that he eats, he leaves after eating only a few
bites, leaving the girls in suspense. Not wanting his male
friends to suffer the same fate, he gives them advice on dumping
their mates including Phillip, who is trying to break up with his
gold-digger girlfriend Rita. Not wanting to be late, she quickly
takes the ring and leaves for the museum. Not wanting to be left
behind, the other two follow the truck to Arusha. Not wanting to
hurt her, she decides to give the role up. Not wanting to keep
her in jail over the holidays and aware that Mark was interested
in writing a script about juvenile delinquency, the kindhearted
cop decides to bend the rules (much to the disapproval of his
partner). Not wanting to lose his position in power, the
president's right-hand man, Roberto Strausmann (Juliá) forces
Jack to take the 'role of a lifetime' - that of the dead
president, as the two men look so much alike. Not wanting to see
her be exploited, Jim decides to keep her shielded from the world
while he helps repair her wings. Nothing at the new studio gets
under way and Charley goes broke. Nothing works, until Lita runs
off to live in sin with a musical producer, Lee Graham (Norman
Kerry). Nothing works. Noticing a particular picture with a
dragon's head in it (and remembering Ernest's rhyme), Andy is
inspired to do some investigating of his own: He drives up to the
hills and visits the Darlings' homestead, where Ernest hangs out.
Noticing a small reproduction of their old code book containing
instructions to open the book in reverse, Marty realizes that the
book also functions as a flip book, which Sally used to tell him
she now reciprocates his feelings. Noticing her practicing the
play, he thinks that she is a troubled girl who just got jilted
by her love, and sets out to distract her by posing as a
stowaway. Noticing how happy Maggie and Grace are following the
Hall Pass week, Gary's wife suggests that she give him a Hall
Pass. Noticing that no one was enjoying the live music playing at
the club, Johnny and the crew decide to perform a musical number,
"People's Choice", by unplugging the other band's instruments and
taking control, shocking the audience and ending with Johnny
sweeping Kathy off her feet, humiliating Nick. Noting dejectedly
that ever since it was revealed that she is a virgin, everyman
who looks at her "wants a date", all her optimistic romantic
ideals have been shattered. Notorious real estate magnate and
demolition baron Alonzo Hawk (Keenan Wynn) is ready to build his
newest indoor shopping center, the 130-story Hawk Plaza in San
Francisco. Notorious womanizer Michael James (Peter O'Toole)
wants to be faithful to his fiancée Carole Werner (Romy
Schneider), but every woman he meets seems to fall in love with
him, including neurotic exotic dancer Liz Bien (Paula Prentiss)
and parachutist Rita (Ursula Andress) who accidentally lands in
his car. Notwithstanding, they start to date; and, after two
months, they seem perfect together. Novak escapes from the ship
and is rescued by dock workers; but he loses his money. Novelist
and part-time teacher Bill Borgens (Greg Kinnear) has been
floundering since his ex-wife Erica (Jennifer Connelly) left him
for a younger man two years ago. Now Brad has to solve both
murders to clear himself. Now Gretchen is clearly disgusted and
Leslie must return to Hollywood for a preliminary report. Now
Helen is very successful in the fashion industry, working as the
executive assistant to the CEO of one of Manhattan's most
prestigious modeling agencies, and now has a nice Manhattan
lifestyle which keeps her extremely occupied and content. Now
Juan is an undocumented citizen, due to no proof of US
citizenship, of Los Angeles, struggling not only to get a green
card, but to solely care for Alejandro, after his wife's death.
Now Lanie becomes sure of her upcoming death and is forced to
reevaluate her life. Now Sally is more determined to lay her
hands on Peter. Now Tej offers to pay for Aditi's cousin, Ria
Verma (Shefali Shah) to attend university in theS. Now Viktor,
torn between his work and his girlfriend, must decide what is
most important to him. Now able to be friends with Sonia, Camille
is still worried that she has not closed things with Pierre. Now
able to see her openly, and with a child on the way, Gerald
quickly and enthusiastically agrees to an amicable divorce. Now
acting as a future son-in-law, Crawl expresses an interest in
farming, much to the amusement of Walter and his farmhand Theo,
who send him through the pratfalls and tribulations of farming as
he is tasked with daily chores. Now at a sperm bank, Jonah is
left in a room to privately produce his semen. Now completely
afraid to fly, Ben reluctantly agrees to travel with Sarah, who
also needs to get to Savannah within a few days. Now deciding to
let fate take its course, Chuck puts Cam in touch with Howard,
and the two seem to connect instantly. Now dressed in streetwear
instead of their regular uniforms, steps on stage during PV's
performance and begins mirroring their steps. Now free to
collect, the Kid and his compatriots dress up as Santa Claus and
position themselves throughout Manhattan. Now free to pursue a
romance, Johnny and Brooke begin dating. Now he is at the top of
his game at the North Pole and could not be happier, at least
until Head Elf Bernard and Curtis, the Keeper of the Handbook of
Christmas break the news that there is another clause — the "Mrs.
Now he is on his way to the United States to continue his
subversive activities. Now his family is selling off the
furniture to buy food. Now in a police van, which the policemen
let them use, they drive to Atlantic City and Anderson and Katie
finally get married. Now in a wheelchair, Sam is welcomed home to
the Bella residence to celebrate Christmas as a family. Now it
pays hefty, regular dividends to its complacent shareholders. Now
knowing why Prudence is still not pregnant, Gerald buys more
aspirin, determined to expose her relationship with Hewitt. Now
married with a child, Anisha reveals to Chuck that they were just
kids back then, and the curse wasn't meant to be real. Now ready
to move on, Kate arrives once more in Purgatory, congratulated
for her efforts by the angel and requests the "orb of true light"
collected from Kate's loved ones. Now realizing Flame's role in
the situation, Beauregard does struggle for an answer, which he
provides. Now separated, Jean's con team urges her to close the
deal, saying she's got him over a barrel and can make a killing
in a settlement. Now separated, the two are seemingly content in
their original arrangements: Mickey traveling with the NBA, and
Ellen working for an airline in Paris. Now sitting on the fire
escape, Alice is joined by Josh. Now that she is recently widowed
and lonely, she wants Mae to find her a replacement. Now that
she's behind him, he's lost that advantage, and his grades slip,
especially in spelling. Now that they are alone on the island,
Philip constructs a large hut for his wife and himself and a
little hut for Henry, but before long Henry is suggesting they
share not only food and water but Susan as well. Now that they
have something in common, Nicole and Chase reluctantly join
forces to navigate the land mines of high school love. Now that
they're grown up and estranged, Wallace (performing as Biff the
Clown in a traveling carnival) wants to debut his talents on The
David Letterman Show. Now they only have an hour left before the
wedding and they have to get cleaned up so they take their
clothes to the cleaners. Now wealthy and living in a luxurious
penthouse, she gives her maid her own Bulgari pearl necklace
(matching the three she gave to her friends on graduation day),
and has the maid mail letters to them. Now whole communities of
zombies live in hives, and are separated into two categories
based on the amount of decay: Fleshies, the Dead who still have
flesh on them, and Boneys, the Dead who have been reduced to
nothing more than skeletons with bits of muscle keeping them
together. Now, Alison and Wes both get more time to share
together. Now, Irene has no recollection of Apollo, having
acquired “amnesia” shortly after their separation. Now, both men
are in pursuit of Helena. Now, having no one to spend Christmas
or New Years with (except her sister's dog),J. Now, he is to work
in New York, and needs to "borrow" Mary to pretend that she is
his wife, to save his career. Now, just a week before Nikhil and
Karishma's wedding, Meeta has turned up to meet her father, but
Karishma is scared that her sister's sudden appearance might ruin
their wedding. Now, many people want to interview Cindy, but Ryan
either tells them she does not give interviews or just sends them
to the door. Now, there are six huge signs in New York, one in
lights, each saying simply "Gladys Glover". Nowadays, she regrets
this decision and attempts to win back his affection. Nuke leaves
for the big leagues, Annie ends their relationship, and Crash
overcomes his jealousy to leave Nuke with some final words of
advice. Number 17 is then returned to Dave by Dooley. Number 2
decides that the captain and the rest of the crew's changing
behavior is unacceptable so he takes command and imprisons the
Captain. Number 2 takes Dave to the harbor, where he tries to
throw the metal orb into the ocean, but is stopped by the Captain
and Number 3, who managed to gain reentry back onto the ship.
Number 3, who has become infatuated with the Captain, becomes
jealous of Gina. Nursing their wounds back at Alex's apartment,
Alex and Sophie fall into an unplanned romantic encounter.
O'Conner gets himself court-martialled for being AWOL while
visiting Martin's sister Dorothy (Gloria Stuart). O'Conner
transfers to the US Naval Air Service and is assigned to the
rigid airship. O'Connor offers Jim help to slip away with Glory
for a private honeymoon in Atlantic City, away from the press.
O'Connor transfers the camp to them on the condition that they
never reveal his true identity to McKeever. O'Hara and O'Toole
escape to Norway, Holland and Belgium (all of which subsequently
fall to the Germans) and then to Paris all at the hand of Von
Luber. O'Hara tells O'Toole and hesitantly he agrees to tell the
Captain. O'Malley and Jenny discuss their past, and she performs
a number from her starring role as Carmen at the Metropolitan
Opera. O'Malley next pays a visit to Carol, who is now suspected
of living in sin with Ted Haines Jr. O'Malley prepares to move on
to a new assignment from the bishop. O'Reilly and Jackson pose as
bounty hunters, and contract with Naville to retrieve Celine and
kill Robert. O'Reilly and Jackson pose as collection agents to
repossess Robert's things and evict him from his apartment.
O'Reilly and Jackson, listening, dance for joy. O'Reilly
responds, "Jeopardy, Jackson. O'Toole agrees to broadcast pro-
Nazi propaganda after the Baron threatens to turn O'Hara over to
the Gestapo. O'Toole goes on the air, but after O'Hara shows up
at the studio, he cleverly manages to make it look as if the
baron is trying to overthrow Hitler. O'Toole is then contacted by
American counterintelligence who ask him to accept the offer and
betray the Baron. O'Toole warns the General of the dangers of
trusting in Von Luber. Oberon and Titania are estranged because
Titania refuses to give her Indian changeling to Oberon for use
as his "knight" or "henchman", since the child's mother was one
of Titania's worshippers. Oberon orders Puck to keep Lysander and
Demetrius from catching up with one another and to remove the
charm from Lysander so Lysander can return to love Hermia, while
Demetrius continues to love Helena. Oberon seeks to punish
Titania's disobedience. Oberon sees Demetrius still following
Hermia and is enraged. Obliviously missing his discomfort being
around her, she continues to try to get him to like her.
Observing his discomfort with interest is the Marchioness's
secretary and companion, Miss Hutchinson (Merle Oberon, in her
first credited role). Observing this, Oberon orders Puck to
spread some of the magical juice from the flower on the eyelids
of the young Athenian man. Obsessed with her favourite lecturer,
Mia becomes embroiled in a war of paperwork with the University
administration as she attempts to pursue him to his new
department. Obstacles start to occur during the planning of the
wedding, as Toula's numerous relatives "helpfully" interfere by
imposing their ideas into her planning. Occasionally, Tom and
Rebecca have sex; once a year, they meet with their therapist, dr
Beekman. Odds of achieving the other half of his plan look
remote, though, as Louise has left for Birmingham with the
persistent Paul and Rupert must go in pursuit if he is to be
married in the few days remaining till his birthday. Odette and
William leave, but they are ambushed by Rothbart, who transforms
into a "Great Animal", kidnaps Odette, and fatally injures
William. Odette dies in Derek's arms, but not before telling him
that she loves him. Odette's animal friends return Derek's bow to
him, and Bromley, who has escaped the dungeon, provides Derek
with a single arrow. Odette's friends manage to free her from the
dungeon and she flies to Uberta's castle, but she is unable to
warn Derek in time. Odiye comforts his daughter when Richard
leaves. Of all men, will she find in him the true love she never
believed in or will he prove her worst fears true. Of course,
Adam is lying and is in hot pursuit of a tryst with his
occasional girlfriend Mona. Of course, Cindy ruins the whole
transaction, as she is incapable of the compassionate advice that
Ryan was offering in her stead, and soon Simpson's stock
plummets. Of particular note is the elaborate "Chattanooga Choo
Choo" sequence. Of this type (510B) are Cap O' Rushes, Catskin,
All-Kinds-of-Fur, and Allerleirauh, and she slaves in the kitchen
because she found a job there. Off stage Casey is happy to see
Zack and Benji together, before he bumps into fellow camper Beau
(Ronnie Kroell) who offers to be Casey's rebound. Off the coast
of Texas he jumps ship and swims ashore, is picked up by a
fishing net and eventually makes his way to Arizona, where the
party is exploring the diamond mines. Off to spend their
honeymoon at a remote tropical resort somewhere in Tahiti,
Masha's boyfriend Brick (Vinnie Jones), who is in love with her
(although she does not return the feeling), follows them. Offered
money to maneuver Ralph into a compromising position, Miranda
accepts. Offering Salim a chance to invest in his businesses as a
much needed 'clean outlet' for his money, Omar decides to take
over two laundrettes owned by a friend of Nasser. Often, this is
said by the stepmother or stepsisters. Ogden dislikes the
situation, being a married man, although seeking a divorce, and
worries how it might affect his career if she is found. Ogden's
lawyer friend Harvey (Sydney Earle Chaplin), who helped arrange
the marriage, meets Natascha ashore and tells her that the
immigration officers have accepted her as Hudson's wife. Ogden's
wife (Tippi Hedren) then joins the cruise, having just missed
Natasha. Ogden's wife then confronts him about Natasha, speaking
rather roughly about her and the life she led. Oh, sure, if you
want to make it into a sort of business proposition. Okiemute
invites them both to eat at the restaurant while Akpors also
experiences another culture shock when he sees a lady footing the
bill on a couple's date. Olaf gathers his family together to
figure out what is going on. Old 97 sets off with Jane, her
children, and George (who shovels coal to the engine), to deliver
lobsters on board to customers in several distant towns. Old man
Schmidt spends more time building crazy inventions (typical of
devices by writer/cartoonist Rube Goldberg) than tending to his
business; as a consequence he is bankrupt and his business is
taken over by his creditors, who send a young man named Carlson
to manage the business. Olive Penderghast, a 17-year-old girl
living in Ojai, California, lies to her best friend Rhiannon
Abernathy about going on a date in order to get out of camping
with Rhiannon's hippie parents. Olive agrees to lie to cover up
the affair so that the marriage of her favorite teacher, mr
Griffith, would be spared. Olive confides the truth to her friend
Brandon, and he explains how others bully him because of his
homosexuality. Olive then begins to ask everyone she lied for to
help her out by telling the truth, but Brandon and Micah have
abruptly left town and everyone else is enjoying their newfound
popularity and do not want the truth to get out. Oliver (for the
engagement of his daughter to Richard Calvert), but he is
confused and thinks that they are congratulating him for getting
his fellowship. Oliver and Shelley reconcile, and Shelley
explains that she likes Oliver a lot and was trying too hard to
impress him. Oliver then explains that his life is not perfect,
and how he has always cared about her and loved her. Olivia
(Jennifer Aniston) is a single, cash-strapped woman working as a
maid in Los Angeles in order to make ends meet. Olivia can't seem
to find love or money and resorts to questionable tactics to
satisfy both. Olivia who now has a crush on "Sebastian", asks
Duke out on a date in hopes that it will make "Sebastian"
jealous. Omar Ali is a young man living in Battersea in the
Wandsworth area of South London, right by the railway station
during the mid-1980s. Omar suspends Jack and Joan with ropes over
a deep pit while Al-Julhara is in a stockade; Ralph, along with
the Sufi tribe, arrives in time to rescue the three prisoners.
Omar tries to reestablish their past friendship, offering Johnny
a job and the opportunity to adopt a better life by working to
fix up the laundrette with him. Omar's father stops by late in
the night and appeals to Johnny to persuade Omar to go to college
because he is unhappy with his son running a laundrette. Omnia
Vincit Amor. On 11th May 1941, Boxer and amateur pilot Joe
Pendleton (Robert Montgomery), affectionately known as "the
Flying Pug", flies his small aircraft to his next fight in New
York City, but crashes when a control cable severs. On Charlie's
wedding day, Viola turns up wearing a white dress instead of the
peach-colored dress specially made for her. On Christmas Day
Betsy explains everything to Polly. On Christmas Day they have
sex in his closet, which she believes neither of them will forget
(as it is Rusty's first time). On Christmas Day, Agnes receives a
letter stating she can collect the money from the hotel where her
husband worked. On Christmas Day, Jack wakes up in a suburban New
Jersey bedroom with Kate and two children. On Christmas Day,
Orlinda visits Raymond to give him a Christmas present. On
Christmas Eve 1945, in Bedford Falls, New York, George Bailey is
suicidal. On Christmas Eve both are working late and, when Karl
leaves, he only wishes her a merry Christmas. On Christmas Eve
morning 1945, the town prepares a hero's welcome for Harry. On
Christmas Eve, parishioners gather in a temporary church for a
service that also serves as O'Malley's farewell. On Christmas
Eve, the doorbell rings at Juliet and Peter's house. On Christmas
morning, 1909, in a quaint Midwestern town, Jim Dear gives his
wife Darling an American cocker spaniel puppy which she names
Lady. On Christmas morning, Timmy discovers the train set outside
the apartment door and assumes that his mother got it for him
after all. On Easy Street, they entertain an audience with magic
tricks, but a rainstorm and David tumbling into a fountain ruins
the act. On Ezra's instructions, Jimmy the "black sheep" has been
ostracized by the family, on pain of not receiving their
inheritance. On Frank's advice, Sadie goes on vacation to
Jamaica, their slated honeymoon destination. On Halloween night,
1998, at Cornell University, Tom Bailey, Jr. On Harry's
graduation night in 1928, George talks to Mary Hatch, who has had
a crush on him from an early age. On Henry's estate, Max must
deal with a gruff, dedicated winemaker, Francis Duflot, who fears
being separated from his precious vines. On July 4, 2005, in a
fictionalized United States alternate history reality, two towns
in Texas: El Paso and Abilene were destroyed by twin nuclear
attacks that triggered a catastrophe of unimaginable proportions,
sending America into a state of anarchy and hysteria, as well as
a Third World War (a fictionalized version of what the nation may
have become under the War on Terror). On Kit's advice, Elle
decides to give true love a shot, and with Kit's would-be
boyfriend Andy (Shawn Caulin-Young)'s help, she reveals herself
through the song she performed in the studio. On Louis' advice,
he buys flowers, candies, and plans to take Caroline wherever it
will take to make things right. On Martha's Vineyard, Drew is
thrown into an affluent, party-loving black society that
congregates on a beach known as the Inkwell. On May 26, 1987,
Jenna Rink, a gawky girl, yearns to be popular, but the only way
she can get the ruling clique - the "Six Chicks," led by the
arrogant Lucy "Tom-Tom" Wyman - to attend her upcoming 13th
birthday party is by doing their homework. On Monday morning, she
will call the man she has chosen first. On New Year's Eve Joe was
brought down from his room to celebrate the transition to 1944.
On New Year's Eve in 2005, high school juniors Troy Bolton (Zac
Efron) and Gabriella Montez (Vanessa Hudgens) meet at a party
while both teens are at a ski lodge during winter break. On New
Year's Eve, Dan is stood up by his date, because he had forgotten
to call her earlier. On New Year's Eve, Jack kisses Lee at a barn
dance, and later that night his mother goes to Lee's bedroom for
a talk. On New Year's Eve, a big party is held in the house of
Lady Christabel Beauclerk, where Joan and Tom meet up once again:
he apologises for his former rudeness, she tells him he's out of
reach, and the film ends with them kissing. On Pete's 40th
birthday party, he argues with his dad about the money he wants
from them. On Rapunzel and Eugene Fitzherbert's wedding day,
Pascal and Maximus (the ring bearers) accidentally lose the
wedding rings at the start of the wedding ceremony. On Rotohan,
Merle and his Nisei interpreter (and lothario) Sgt. On
Thanksgiving, Bill has a reluctant Rusty set a place for Erica.
On Tom's last day of work, Lois keeps him busy until very late,
and he misses a dinner engagement with Ruth and Andy. On
Valentine's Day, the two go out to dinner and Sally starts asking
questions what he thinks of her. On a Friday evening, just before
closing time Alain Coste is in his office and gets ready to
leave, Claire, his PA, manages to stall him a couple of minutes,
he goes out and she steals his keys just before he comes back for
his jacket. On a bus, Regi and Ted discuss what they should do
first: eat lunch, get married, or find a job for Ted. On a cruise
and in love again, the couple is startled to spot John Wayne on
board, arguing with his wife. On a dare from Slim and Roland,
Mike runs and grabs Alicia's butt, leading to a big fight with
her big brother Stacey (De'Aundre Bonds), a Blood gang member. On
a field trip the boy makes an embarrassing public confession of
his love and is ridiculed by his classmates. On a foggy day,
Katie, in the water, is separated from Weebe, in a rowboat, and
is rescued by a handsome Frenchman, Andre Lanet (Lamas). On a
frozen lake, Renata goes skating while Sam and their daughter
watch from a distance. On a house call, he meets an Argentinean
male prostitute Antoine Laconte. On a hunting expedition he meets
Dolly Kamman (Little), daughter of Sheriff Kamman (Beery), who
takes George to meet her father. On a karaoke date, Celeste
informs Paul of her need to take some time to recover from the
divorce, which he says he understands. On a mission to find his
mystery maiden by finding a matching bra for the panties, Matthew
becomes the maintenance man of the virgin vault. On a night out
at a bar, they both agreed to be each other’s confidant to help
find someone better than their exes. On a night out with his two
best friends, Bobby and Danny, Jon sees Barbara Sugarman, a young
Jewish woman from a more affluent background. On a plane from
Delhi to New York, he meets Rhea (Rani Mukerji) who doesn't seem
to be interested in him. On a rainy New York City autumn
afternoon, the head of a major Department Store, Gail Allen,
meets her second cousin and best friend Lorna for afternoon tea.
On a rainy afternoon in Paris, debonair actor Philippe Martin
(Francis Lederer) goes to a darkened movie theatre for a romantic
assignation with his married mistress, Yvonne (Liev De Maigret),
but sits in the wrong seat and kisses instead lovely Monique
Pelerin (Ida Lupino), the daughter of a powerful publisher
(Joseph Cawthorn). On a rare night off, she heads to a night club
with a British man named Charlie and an American woman named
Gretchen whom she met earlier. On a school ski trip Peter tells
Lara Jean he does want to date her and the two of them kiss in
the hot tub. On a ship sailing from England to India, Ann Church
(Laura La Plante) meets young and dashing Major Anthony Seymour
(Eugene O'Brien), falls in love and makes some innocent advances
to gain his attentions. On a side note, Frank’s friend and
workout buddy Bob Henderson (Roger Carmel) is grappling with his
own mid-life crisis. On a slow night at the Fandango, Charity
loses the opportunity to snare one of the few customers by a new
co-worker, Rosie. On a step, she encounters an abandoned baby in
a blanket and instinctively picks it up to comfort it. On a trip
in a gondola, Jerry manages to convince Dale and they return to
the hotel where the previous confusion is rapidly cleared up. On
a trip to Goa with Darcy, Kiran, Balraj and Jaya, Lalita meets
and is attracted to Johnny Wickham (Daniel Gillies), Darcy's
former friend, and he validates her low opinion of Darcy. On a
weekend jaunt with like-minded friends, she meets a charismatic
publisher named Herb Lee who is 30 years older than she is and a
romance develops between the young woman and the older man. On a
weekend visit to the duke's estate near Exmoor in Devon,
Patterson meets the duke's granddaughter, Lady Patricia Fairfax
(Anna Neagle), a corporal in the Women's Auxiliary Air Force, who
is David's childhood sweetheart. On a whim, Claire points out a
vineyard to Charlie and asks if he could stop so they can have a
farewell drink for Sophie. On a whim, George calls again to
invite Lisa to dinner and she accepts. On a whim, Herbert Blake
proposes a wager with Roger Fallon that he won't be able to get a
kiss during the coming 48 hours from the next woman who happens
to walk into the room. On an overnight stay in New York he has
the misfortune of being roomed next to the reluctant bride Dee
Dee Dillwood (Fontaine) and her rather formal husband Henry
Benson. On another day, Richard converses with his mother and
uncle James via Skype and is surprised to learn that his former
girlfriend, Ese is assisting his mother at home, at work and
making future wedding arrangements. On another night, in the
midst of a contentious family Christmas dinner at the
Wetherholds', Janet arrives unannounced with a cake. On arrival
in Hollywood she is befriended by Jill and shares her rooms. On
arriving Atlanta Airport, they recognize a Nigerian politician
and exchange greetings. On arriving at Chambers, Logan is asked
to act as counsel for Lord Rockburn, who is seeking a divorce
from his wife. On arriving inA, Vada finds herself confronting a
boy her age named Nick (O'Brien), who comes to pick her up at the
airport instead of Uncle Phil. On behalf of Frank, his young
assistant (Josh Flitter) breaks into the couple's house and bugs
it. On board the plane, she meets Sean (Sam Milby). On board the
ship, Larry is delighted to be invited to dine with the captain,
until he discovers that the guest of honor is one of the owners
of the shipping line: Diane. On board the ship, businessman Paul
Berten overhears Nancy rehearsing her lines and mistakenly
concludes that she is a deserted wife and an expectant mother. On
board the train she obtains a job as maid to Bill's French
fiancee and leading lady, Lili Yvonne, and meets the film's
director, Conroy, and promoter, Baker. On board, Dan jumps into
the water in a bid to escape, dragging a handcuffed (and non-
swimmer) Steve with him, but spots Joan among the passengers and
changes his mind. On board, they openly show their dislike for
each other but when the aircraft crashes in an unknown island,
the two turn to each other for comfort and eventually absolve
their differences. On camera, Celeste explains that she was
responsible for getting Jeffrey fired because she was distraught
about the pregnancy. On career day, George meets a young artist,
Dustin, and finds him inspiring. On concert night, Ta-Da performs
"On The Wings Of A Dream" and earns much applause and acclaim
from the audience. On day five, Rick goes to a local coffee shop
where he flirts with an attractive waitress named Leigh (Nicky
Whelan), much to the annoyance of her co-worker Brent who insults
Rick. On day one, Georgina has an "open house" to rent out her
apartment in order to lure men inside. On day one, they decide to
eat before going to a local bar and get too tired to spend the
night there, preferring to stay at the hotel. On day six, Rick
and Fred go to a bar called Enter the Dragon with their friend
Coakley (Richard Jenkins), where Rick meets his children's
babysitter Paige (Alexandra Daddario), who has just turned 21 and
is with her aunt Meg. On day three, Rick and Fred go to a bar
with their friends but fail to impress the women there. On day
two, Georgina goes to a funeral to pick up a man overcome with
"emotions" and isn't thinking too well. On day two, Phileine
attends the premiere of Romeo and Juliet. On day two, they eat
hash brownies and decide to play golf, but get too high and wreak
havoc on the golf course. On discovery, Richard cautions him that
the gang of gamblers might be prone to committing crime. On
driving to a restaurant with petrol station, they bump into a
friend, Okiemute (Desmond Elliot) they knew back home. On finding
out his manuscript has been rejected again, Miles drinks heavily,
and when the server cuts him off, he ends up drinking from the
spit bucket, but Jack eases him out of the room in time. On
fleeing the city and the shallow gay scene, Harry ends up at a
rugged stretch of coastline where he meets Flint, played by
Bernard Hill. On getting there he finds Bunmi, threatening to
kill Ina, knife in hand, she wants to see Alan hurt and decides
the best way to achieve this is to kill Ina, the love of his
life. On hearing him vow that love is more important to him than
money, Nora and Sylvia invite him to a weekend at Nora's beach
house. On her 17th birthday, Snow White's father dies and the
wicked queen immediately imprisons her. On her Hen Night, Hannah
parades around a pub and sells her kisses for change. On her
first day, she and her parents Walter and Connie meet Crawl; the
resident advisor of Becca's coed dormitory. On her journey, she
is noticed by pineapple king John Arlen (Walter Pidgeon). On her
return to France, Milady hides in a convent where Constance is
also staying. On her way back home, she feels guilty about
cheating on Fred and has a car accident. On her way home, Brooke
finds a guest service paper that she and Nick filled out at the
hotel. On her way out, she meets Tony, whom she directs to her
apartment, where he and Sandy reunite. On her way to New York to
find financial backing for her impoverished country, the
Ruritanian Kingdom of Taronia, Princess "Zizzi" Catterina (Sylvia
Sidney) falls ill with the mumps and has to be quarantined for a
month. On her way to graduation Frazer approaches Phoebe to talk.
On her way to the airport, she cries for the first time since she
was fifteen years old, and returns to the house to find Graham
crying, too. On her way to the hearing, Joy sees her ex-fiancé
Mason, and he tells her that he wants her back. On her way to
work, where she has been working as a data entry worker for
decades, she meets a younger co-worker, John (Max Greenfield),
whom she is immediately infatuated with. On her way, she meets
Terence Keath, a fellow passenger heavily in debt to casino owner
Lucky Reilly. On her wedding day she allows Amelia to do her
makeup and hair like they had originally planned. On her wedding
day, Mona arrives and tells Mimi that it was she, not Gary, who
changed the skit. On her wedding day, she finally reveals the
whole story. On his birthday she surprises him by taking him to a
hockey game. On his father's advice, Andy attempts to offload
some of his own study work, and asks Kathryn Land to be his
private secretary, much to the chagrin of his steady girlfriend
Polly Benedict (Ann Rutherford). On his first day of school,
Forrest meets Jenny Curran, a girl his age who becomes his best
friend and is a victim of child molestation by her father. On his
first day, O'Malley gets into a series of mishaps; his informal
appearance and attitude make a poor impression with the elder
pastor, Father Fitzgibbon (Barry Fitzgerald). On his last day, he
realizes that none of his colleagues care enough about him to say
good-bye to him, instead leaving him a cake with an insult made
out of icing. On his last night there, he meets Jamie Shellgrove
(Peter Lawford), who is a very shy young man whose grandfather
feels should be taken under someone's wing. On his return they
tell him that they have slept together in his absence, and after
a furious row he renounces both of them and storms out of the
room. On his return to the guardhouse he finds his friends also
confined for aiding him. On his route, he meets Sheila Harrison
(Joan Fontaine), whom he thinks is a maid, but is in fact a
socialite. On his way back through Omaha, he is arrested. On his
way from his home in New York City to Savannah, Georgia for his
wedding to Bridget (Maura Tierney), he's already anxious about
flying. On his way he is arrested by the highway patrol and taken
to jail. On his way home one night, Mike drives off a man
accosting a young blonde named Frederika Joyzelle. On his way
home, Pike sees Sam‘s truck in front of his store, not expecting
Henry to be waiting for him. On his way out he crosses Alain who
is puzzled to see him again and asks Clair who he was and she
says that he was a copying-machine representative. On his way
out, he is confronted by the "Ghost of Girlfriends Future" (Olga
Maliouk), who takes him forward in time to see that Jenny marries
Brad while Paul remains alone. On his way out, he meets Nick
arriving with flowers. On his way to Paris, Garrick is met by
Jean Cabot (Etienne Girardot), an admirer who works as a Comédie-
Française prompter. On his way to the airport, Edward re-thinks
his life and has the hotel chauffeur detour to Vivian's apartment
building, where he leaps from out the white limo's sun roof and
"rescues her," an urban visual metaphor for the knight on a white
horse of her dreams. On impulse, he unstraps himself, escapes
from the moving tram, and risks electrocution and injury to get
to Julia. On invitation from Worth, she comes out to Long Island
to his house, with Joe as company. On learning this, she asks
Stan whether he knew about this, to which he claims that he
didn't. On national television, Wilbur abandons his own wedding
and forces a reluctant Emma and a protesting (but secretly
thrilled. On night of the premiere of her latest opera La Bohème,
Ina is bothered with a sore throat and calls dr Young. On nights
when Claire cancels their dates and he is alone, Lance bonds with
his elderly neighbor Bonnie (Mitzi McCall). On one business trip,
she arrives at a town where the only available place to sleep is
a bungalow reserved for married couples. On one day of each week,
Wednesday, he spends the night in the city, lying to wife Dorothy
(Rosemary Murphy) that he is out of town on business when he
actually is seeing Ellen, his mistress (Jane Fonda). On one
occasion, she kisses him just as Terri walks in. On one such
hunt, a woman with a fondness for biscuits offers David sexual
favors, which he declines. On one such trip, Ronald is also along
for the ride, and his unwanted attentions cause Mary to swerve
and get her car stuck near the outskirts of Little Bend. On
opening night, Don has second thoughts about the humiliation the
Bolivar troupe is about to face, but it is too late to do
anything about it. On opening night, paparazzi are everywhere,
fans and stars alike flood the theatre to see the opening night
of A Girl's Best Friend. On opening night, the lead has not
appeared, and the director asks Peter, who has never rehearsed
the role, to play Cyrano. On seeing her husband for the first
time since her encounter with Vronsky, Anna realizes that she
finds him unattractive, though she tells herself he is a good
man. On sighting Richard's mum, she introduces herself. On
sighting a beautiful lady, Kimberly (Karlie Redd), Akpors reveals
his intention to date her but Okiemute cautions him about her
strict father. On slipping out of the window to join Sharp in his
patrol car, Sam tells Suzy that he will see her the following
day. On st Patrick's Day, Alice bumps into Josh and his parents,
and he appears pleasantly surprised to see her. On stage, when
Jeff receives his award, he announces his retirement from the
Adult Industry to move on. On takeoff, a bird flies into one of
the engines, causing a flameout. On that morning, Tom sees Ruth
carrying the envelope with her bracelet and Tom's letter, so Tom
sneaks away through the back door. On the 40th day, a newly
single Nicole learns of the betting pool, makes a large bet and
then rapes Matt while he is asleep. On the West Coast, Ben's new
boss, dr Halberstrom, hires him at the interview, based on an
unexpected recommendation from Hogue. On the advice of a friend
she contacts Jake. On the advice of her therapist she attends a
sex addicts meeting where she runs into Jake, who is there
because of his inability to commit. On the advice of his best
friend Dom (Chris Elliott), he hires a smarmy private detective
named Pat Healy (Matt Dillon) to track her down. On the advice of
his business manager, Sullivan had gotten married to reduce his
income tax. On the advice of his playmate Jessica, Jonah replies
to Annie, agreeing to the New York meeting. On the advice of the
elevator operator, Sam indicates they should go and offers his
hand to Annie. On the airplane, she realizes that she
accidentally left her cellphone in the airport security area. On
the beach, Abby toys with all the boys' emotions, but appears to
like Eddie best. On the boat trip to France, she meets and
becomes attracted to Fred Ghenoccio (Cesar Romero), a muscular
acrobat, and in Paris performs with his troupe to great success.
On the boat, Melville, a Belgian hired by Stephen, begins the
con, telling Penelope that the brothers Bloom are in fact
antiques smugglers and he wants their help with a smuggling job
in Prague. On the bottom it says "turn over," and after doing so,
she smiles at what she reads, though the message itself was left
ambiguous at the end. On the bottom of the box is a note from
Chris addressed to Lynn telling her to always remember the care-
free time they had together. On the bus, the ladies find Jeremy's
weed strips and take them, while Lauren gets a call from her boss
who officially makes her COO. On the closing night of a Broadway
play, leading actress Frances Elliott (Ann Sothern) hosts a party
attended by many guests, including her eccentric father Gregory
(Louis Calhern), who is also an actor; her seventeen-year-old
daughter, Nancy Barklay (Jane Powell), an aspiring actress; and
Brazilian playwright Ricardo Domingos, who is considering
starring Frances in his next play. On the critical final shot,
one of the sweepers burns the stone, noticed only by Chris. On
the date, a boring evening is broken up only by an amusing
diatribe by Tom against the movie In & Out. On the day of Ashley
and Lewis' wedding, Macon bursts into Len's radio studio,
professing his apologies and love to Halley. On the day of Jess
and Jules's flight, Jules's mother gives her daughter a football
jersey and wishes her good luck. On the day of Pipeline, Anne
Marie wipes out during her first heat, but advances to the next
heat after narrowly beating pro surfer Kate Skarratt. On the day
of her audition for Berklee, the plane her parents are travelling
in crashes. On the day of his graduation, while getting ready,
Quentin discovers Margo has been hiding in a fictional town in
New York called Agloe, which was created as a copyright trap by
mapmakers. On the day of the auditions, Britney arrives at the
Warriors' bus and comes to wish them good luck. On the day of the
competitions, Taylor and Gabriella use the school's computers to
delay the championship and the decathlon. On the day of the
party, a handsome young man (Peter Brown) appears at the yellow
house and meets Nancy. On the day of the regional championship,
Izzy is forced to take Karin and her friends to watch it when his
father has to deal with a problem at the gym. On the day of the
wedding, Inigo meets again with Fezzik, who tells him that Count
Rugen is the six-fingered man who killed his father. On the day
of the wedding, the family priest cancels. On the day of their
rendezvous, Terry, in her haste to reach the Empire State
Building, is struck down by a car while crossing a street. On the
day the bet is off George hears that his friends have drowned and
he is sure he is to be sent to Sing Sing. On the drive, Jack gets
lost in Pennsylvania and the couple spends the night parked in a
field. On the drive, he gives her an engagement ring he bought
with the winnings from the race. On the engagement night Rhea
learns from drunk Diana about the conspiracy, and gets upset with
Karan. On the eve of the wedding, the guests are socializing in
the various rooms of the Ainsley house when Carol, angry at Henry
for agreeing to be the best man, goes to his room to confront
him. On the evening of an annual costume party at which the hotel
guests dress as peasants, Anni snubs Giulio when he offers her
flowers, but later confesses her love. On the evening of the
dinner, Joy confesses that she is not an academic teacher, but by
this time Pochenko does not care about her credentials, only that
she has brought happiness to him and his family. On the ferry,
Dudley confesses to Margie that he is in love with her, but she
suspects he only wants the champagne. On the fifth day while
Stevie is at work, she gets her period. On the final day, Simon
comes to the school and Terri finds him packing up her
belongings; he reams his daughter for disobeying and deceiving
him, and for turning his own sister and wife against him. On the
first day back at school after Christmas break, Troy sees
Gabriella in his homeroom and she explains that she just moved to
Albuquerque, New Mexico and transferred to East High School over
the break. On the first day of the tournament in North Carolina
he shoots a horrible 83. On the first night, he raids the liquor
cabinet, plays the stereo loudly, and dances around the living
room in his underwear and pink dress shirt to "Old Time Rock and
Roll". On the fourth night, Trudy escapes to Eden East. On the
front steps of Rebecca's house, they kiss for the first time. On
the honeymoon night, he stabs her with the Ashanti dagger so that
she will share immortality with him. On the impoverished side of
town, Lindsey Wakefield (Thandie Newton), a single mother and
cleaner for the Deeds Corporation, finds out she will be evicted
if she doesn’t pay her bills soon. On the instructions of their
lawyer, the wealthy young daughter of divorcing parents (Joan
Carroll) is removed to a mountain resort, complete with a decoy
mother, to protect her from the publicity. On the island, Dick
meets Nora’s grandmother (May Whitty) and niece, Deborah (Sharon
McManus), who warm up to him after he sings Grandmother’s
favorite song, "(I’ll be with You) In Apple Blossom Time". On the
journey home Milly talks about how she is excited to be cooking
and taking care of only one man, visibly upsetting Adam. On the
last day of the tournament, Roy, Simms, and real-life PGA Tour
pro Peter Jacobsen (playing himself) are in a three-way battle to
win the Open. On the morning that he is to deliver his State of
the Union Address, and after an argument withJ, Shepherd makes a
surprise appearance in the White House press room and rebuts
Rumson's attacks on Wade's past and his own values and character.
On the new musical's opening night, Kate puts together evidence
of the affair from a few subtle clues, and leaves Dexter without
further ado. On the next date, Peabody Jr. On the night Annie's
baby is born and her boyfriend proposes, Lisa begins to
reconsider her previous reluctance to settle down. On the night
before the wedding, Stifler inadvertently disrupts the walk-in
refrigerator's power supply while retrieving a bottle of
champagne in an attempt to lay down Cadence. On the night of
Bandslam, Charlotte comes backstage in order to apologize to the
band, and after a moment of hesitation, Will accepts her apology.
On the night of Marian's date with Jeff, she becomes annoyed when
her family makes fun of her choice of a dress, which is really a
fancy nightgown, and promises that she "will show them". On the
night of the contest's final round, while Katey and Javier are on
the dance floor, Javier sees his brother and some revolutionaries
disguised as waiters, and the police soon try to arrest them. On
the night of the dance, Fiona orders Sam to work the night shift
at the diner, then leaves to drive Brianna and Gabriella to the
dance. On the night of the dance, Melodie is happy to be there,
even though she knows that Andy has only asked her out because of
his father. On the night of the date, Andie waits for Blane at
TRAX, but he is late. On the night of the duel, Rahul escapes
with the help of a local policeman, Shamsher (Mukesh Tiwari), but
he ends up on a ship with Sri Lankan terrorists and smugglers. On
the night of the heist, Davis shows up again at Nicole and
Charles' home before Nicole can leave to meet Simon. On the night
of the rally, Willoughby, who has come to believe in the John Doe
philosophy himself, learns of Norton's treachery from a drunken
Connell. On the night that he proposes to his long-time
girlfriend, Tracy, she finally had enough of Jake and dumped him
for another man. On the official opening night of the dinner
theater, the mob killers catch up with them. On the opening day
of the laundrette, Omar confronts Johnny on his fascist past. On
the opening night of Frolics to You, Bruno takes a box seat. On
the other end, Shante’s boyfriend Keith is being led by his
friend Tony (Anthony Anderson), who thinks he knows all the
tricks that women play. On the other hand, Dominique, Marc's
sister, and her husband, Georges, already have three daughters,
and when they learn Dominique is pregnant for the fourth time,
they take it in stride. On the other hand, Hlynur's fantasy life
is alive with passion and glimpses of his subconscious show us a
deeply conflicted sense of self. On the other hand, Irene
considers Godfrey to be her protégé. On the other hand, Marni is
unwilling to forget the things Joanna did to her in high school,
unless she apologizes, and decides to try to let her brother know
of Joanna's bullying past. On the other side, David kisses Jean.
On the plane en route to the Aloha State, Gidget meets Abby
Stewart (Vicki Trickett) and popular dance Eddie Horner (Michael
Callan) who is en route to a performance at a theater–restaurant
next to their hotel. On the plane when Tad fails to identify one
of Rosalee's smiles, he confesses his lie and she asks to go
home. On the plane, he meets Paul, to whom he complains about
having lost because of his charm, a French quality. On the plane,
she meets an American couple: Fabian and Lena, who offer to bring
her to the house of Max. On the present day, Miracle Samantha
Perez is inside a bookstore and she notices from outside of the
store that one of her friends Michie is confronting a guy named
Timothy Odelle "Top" Pendleton with his girlfriend. On the ride
home Anna confronts Edy about his affair, but all Edy will say is
that all he wants is to have a good Christmas with the whole
family, and that they should keep it together until the kids
leave. On the road, Angela plans to outsell Pat. On the road,
George buys an audiocassette to learn Spanish and secretly
fantasizes about Alicia. On the road, Mary annoys some bus
passengers so much, the driver abandons her. On the road, R runs
into M and some other zombies who have been chased out by the
Boneys. On the road, their car breaks down. On the rooftop Robie
lurks. On the runway, Cindy finally agrees to become Dracula's
vampire bride. On the safari, Donna romances 'Fearless', but he's
unsure about her intentions, especially when she cuddles up to
Chuck, who seems oblivious. On the ship, Ellen meets and quickly
falls in love with the impoverished but well-connected Lord John
Brindale. On the spur of the moment she decides to get away for
the Christmas holidays and visits a home-exchange website on
which Iris has listed her "quaint cottage in Surrey". On the spur
of the moment they take a taxi to go meet April. On the street,
after work, Charity gives to every beggar who approaches her
until she realizes she has no money. On the tape, Henry says to
put a jacket on and come have breakfast when she is ready. On the
third night of the ball, when she is dancing with Char, a jealous
Hattie unmasks Ella, forcing her to flee. On the train ride, he
meets a girl, Virginia (played by Keaton's wife Natalie
Talmadge). On the train, Albert asks Prudence to marry him and
confesses that he had fallen in love with her since the first day
they met, but she evades him while the other passengers board the
train. On the train, and later at Wainwright, the girls pull the
switcheroo on Andy, leaving him completely confused with this
mysterious blonde's ever changing behavior. On the train, she
meets the eccentric John Hackensacker III (Rudy Vallée), one of
the richest men in the world. On the trip they meet Susan Bradley
(Judy Garland), who travels to the same town to marry the man
whose beautiful letters she received when she answered a "lonely-
hearts" ad. On the trip, Elizabeth seduces Scott. On the verge of
giving up. On the voyage, Connie initially treats him with
contempt, assuming that he is just the latest in a long line of
fortune hunters after her money, but Bill gradually overcomes her
suspicions. On the way back they find Dupree sitting on a bench
in heavy rain with his belongings. On the way back to New York
via Canada (to bypass Pennsylvania), Jack tells Lee that he loves
her, and tries to persuade her to jump bail, but she refuses. On
the way back to Trish's house, Marla tells Andy that she has
known he is a virgin for a while. On the way back, he meets
Isabella. On the way back, they are in a car accident. On the way
back, they had a serious car accident that left Lucy with
anterograde amnesia and she wakes up every morning thinking it is
October 13, 2002. On the way home from shopping for Annika's prom
dress, the two begin fighting, causing Patrick to accidentally
crash the car. On the way home on the school bus, Sam blows him
off by saying, "Go to hell". On the way home, Harley seduces
Judith and they have sex in his private jet. On the way home,
Rich reveals that he thinks he might be gay. On the way home, Tom
realizes that he must stop the wedding and goes back on
horseback. On the way home, he falls asleep and dies at the age
of 27. On the way out, Eddie tips a butler he bumps into. On the
way out, Stacy is met by Barb, who is clearly out of her mind. On
the way to Jarrod's home town, Damon offers Lily and Jarrod
apples to eat. On the way to Omaha, when Bob tries to get rid of
her, Sproggs finds out about the unauthorized passenger. On the
way to his fathers store, Jesse takes off his eye-patch to reveal
that he can still see, but the area around his eye is badly
injured. On the way to the airport, King Jaffe remarks that Akeem
can't marry Lisa anyway because of "tradition," and tries
defending himself by saying "Who am I to change it. On the way to
the church, Gus, Panos, and Taki (Gerry Mendicino) drink shots of
ouzo and by the time they make it there, the three men are
already drunk and stand giggling before the altar. On the way to
the city, it starts raining, and they are forced to stop in the
suburbs. On the way, Andy's engine begins to falter, and they
only make it as far as Gomer and Goober's garage before Eunice
gives birth to a boy. On the way, Didi faces thousand adventures
and confusion, and even a wizard attempts to disrupt. On the way,
Tony tells Corky to throw him overboard if he so much as touches
Jo. On the way, he finds Scarlett, who insisted on walking to the
wedding, going into labor on the side of the road. On the way, he
gets caught in a grove of trees as Ronica finds him using a
SoloTrek XFV. On the way, she attempts to commit suicide, but is
stopped by Tostado, who is startled to discover that she would
rather be dead than be stuck with him for the rest of her life.
On the way, the girls' car breaks down completely. On the way,
the three pass a park and Jesse tells them to stop. On the way,
the young Count meets a skinny dipping Melissa&mdash;Pampinea's
best friend, who is on her way to attend the wedding&mdash;and
the two subsequently fall in love. On the way, they discover
Baywatch (or a similarly themed show or film) shooting an episode
on the beach. On the wedding day, Liz tells Bart his "brother"
tried to kiss her, and that the wedding should be called off. On
the wedding day, Meeta leaves her house without telling anyone,
leaving her mobile phone inside Karishma's room. On the wedding
day, before the ceremony, Don tells Bebe he had sex with Ellie.
On the wedding day, both brothers are left by the altar, and it
turns out that Suzanne has been hijacked by their father. On the
wedding day, seeing Kat distressed, her step-father (Peter Egan)
asks Kat if Nick 'is the guy for you', and Kat realizes he is, so
she sets off to find him. On their 18th wedding anniversary,
Helen finds all her belongings in a U-Haul, as Charles is kicking
her out for Brenda, his young mistress and the mother of his two
children. On their 20th date, Andy is still reluctant about sex
and resists Trish, upsetting her. On their 35th wedding
anniversary, we hear the story of how the couple met in college.
On their final evening, the three women attend yet another party,
where Paul announces his shift to New York. On their first date,
a deluded Jake confesses he is involved with another woman and
suggests he and Marisa become friends rather than lovers. On
their hike, Zach and Beth stop by a cliff. On their honeymoon
night in a cheap motel, Nora finally reveals her true identity.
On their honeymoon, Grant and Julia go to Kong Island and film a
woman, Anne (Carmen Electra), tied to two pieces of wood. On
their honeymoon, he breaks out in a rash. On their last night
before the boat returns, they admit their mutual love, but Regi
ends the relationship, insisting that Ted would resent having
given up his chance to be wealthy if he were to marry her. On
their return to the firehouse, they find that every item of
furniture has been removed by Hawk; whereupon mrs Steinmetz,
Willoughby, Nicole, and Herbie track the theft to a warehouse. On
their stroll, they encounter a waiting Susan (Clare Grogan),
another of Dorothy's friends, and Margo leaves. On their trip,
they encounter snakes, rapids, horseback pursuits through towns,
and even getting tied up by the outlaws (eventually escaping). On
their trip, they pick up hitchhiker Mikal, who insists there has
been a mistake, and is seeking the "people in charge" (aka. On
their way back home, Ina again attempts to seduce him. On their
way back, Rahul realises that he has fallen in love with Meena,
and does not tell her where they are going. On their way home
they witness Dean getting arrested for drunk driving. On their
way home, before crossing the bridge, they are ambushed by Ashcan
and Pete, but Chance appears and fights them off. On their way
home, she spontaneously throws up into a rubbish bin and realizes
that she may be yet again pregnant. On their way home, they are
both upset and distracted and hit a tree. On their way to the
camp, the performers are warned of the camp possibly getting
attacked, because of which they are to be flown out immediately
after their performance. On their way to the camp, they encounter
a unit of soldiers which has been ambushed. On their way to their
honeymoon, they witness a run on the bank and use their honeymoon
savings to lend financial support at the Building and Loan until
the bank reopens. On their way, they meet Rodney, Izzy's
competition and the neighborhood bully, who asserts that he'll
destroy Izzy in the ring. On their wedding day, Robbie's sister,
Kate, informs him about Linda changing her mind, leaving him
emotionally devastated and humiliated. On this visit, O’Malley
describes to the young couple his calling in life to “go his
way,” which to him means to follow after the joyous side of
religion and lead others to do the same. OnE. Once Deeds arrives
in New York, plans are made for him to sell his shares in the
company to Cedar and return home $40 billion richer, but he must
remain in New York for a few days while all the legal details are
worked out. Once Goring leaves, mrs Cheveley appears, unexpected,
in search of a brooch she lost the previous evening. Once Rob
reveals that he never plans on marrying her, she leaves him and
moves back in with her parents. Once Robert arrives back to his
boat with Claire, he sets her free and she decides to stay the
night. Once a popular nightclub singer, she is now a star in the
church choir. Once again, Charity loses her nerve about telling
him what her real job is. Once again, Dolly uses her wits to
escape. Once again, he gets her to go against her better
judgment. Once again, the battle for the title of the superior
sex is on. Once an exciting man, Dan has become a bore to
Valerie, as well as to their two children and to her feisty
mother who lives with them. Once at the altar with Nicky, Julia
is regretting it and has flashbacks about her and Grant. Once
away from the mayhem, Paige learns his real identity and walks
away from him through the rain. Once back home Joe locks Belle
outside, but she knocks on the door continuously until Joe lets
her in. Once back home, Victor asks Emily to wait in the forest
while he rushes off to see Victoria and confess his wish to marry
her as soon as possible, to which she gladly returns his
feelings. Once enrolled, Steve tries to speak with Caroline, but
she refuses to listen to his explanations and tells him she is
seeking an annulment. Once finished with the tour, they have
dinner, and unexpectedly run into Lady Malverton and her party.
Once free, the Kids buy an old car with the $200. Once he accuses
her of running away, they reveal their true feelings for each
other and the film ends with Ben instructing the taxi driver to
return Andie's belongings to her home, and then they kiss. Once
he gets over his shock, Ernie anticipates a quickie divorce, but
Val thinks she might enjoy this new arrangement. Once he goes
back upstairs Misty offers her a ticket for prom, urging her to
go one last time but this time saying to do it for Annika. Once
he has recovered, Zach heads home, and finds a stranger inside
the house and burnt bodies in the backyard. Once he hastily
shuffles it all away, the hotel clerks immediately show him to
the Presidential suite of the hotel and welcomes him to the
hotel. Once he sobers up from his drunken binge, Quintain comes
up with the idea to salvage the film by cutting down Cheri's part
and expanding the ape's. Once his scheme is revealed, Petey is
locked in the town jail by the angry judge. Once in Baltimore,
Carol persuades Melvin to take her out to have dinner. Once in
Miami, Joe woos Sugar by assuming a second disguise as a
millionaire named Junior, the heir to Shell Oil, while feigning
disinterest in Sugar. Once in the city, they are nearly run over
by Arabs shooting guns, led by the sheik Mullay Kasim (Anthony
Quinn). Once in the house, Norton becomes fast friends with her
roommate Lauren, an aspiring actress who is only using the show
to get exposure. Once inside their suite, the couple are unable
to go to bed and have sex because of constant interruptions due
to the demands of her career, such as interviews, dress fittings
and photo sessions, as well as the various men, including some
former husbands, diplomat Alexei Andreyev Karansky (Tony Curtis),
director Laslo Karolny (Ringo Starr), gangster Vance Norton
(George Hamilton), and an entire athletic team from theS, all of
whom want to have sex with her. Once inside, the pair set their
sights on Cleary's other daughters, Gloria (Isla Fisher) and
Claire (Rachel McAdams). Once on the island, Hoops and George,
along with George's island friends the Stork twins and Ack-Ack
Raymond, must help Cassandra save her grandfather's house from
the greedy Beckersted Family. Once on the stump the two
candidates keep running into each other around Earndale, at one
point during a factory visit leading to a shouting match. Once on
the yacht, Junior explains to Sugar that, due to psychological
trauma, he is impotent and frigid, but that he would marry anyone
who could change that. Once outside, the explosives detonate,
destroying J-5. Once reunited the two realize they are at a
turning point in their relationship, but, for some unspeakable
reason, the Girl decides it is time for them to part. Once she
achieves this, she then retires from public life in order to
raise a family. Once she arrives, they start treating her like a
doll, trying to make her over, pulling at her clothes and
attempting to cut her hair. Once she tells Kit and their
children, Scarlett and Ben, Milly tasks Jess with helping her get
through chemotherapy and the two women joke around as Milly
receives her treatments. Once she's in Sun Valley, however,
things become problematic when Christine falls in love with hotel
bandleader Dick Layne (Van Johnson). Once the Fascist government
in Italy fell, George returned to Florence finding it "in a mess"
but he was unable to find the Pension Bertolini, stating "the
View was still there and that the room must be there, too, but
could not be found". Once the Texas trio confess that they had
Molly fired, she and Henry make up. Once the animal is snagged,
Luis, an expert roper, catches its legs and secures it. Once the
new term starts, Matt visits with Chuck, who reveals that he and
the rest of Steve Stifler's friends really couldn't stand him,
and begins to fix his mistakes by deleting the naked videos he
took of others at band camp, and then persuades the school band
to play Elyse's piece to the Conservatory head, winning Elyse a
scholarship (Brandon had been disqualified for plagiarism), and
Matt her affection. Once the ship is underway, he persuades Steve
to remove his handcuffs. Once there, Jerry admits having made a
fool of himself and the Warriners are happily reconciled, just
before the clock strikes midnight. Once there, in a land of
quickie marriages and divorces, Dan and Val get into an argument
in front of proprietor Miguel Santos, and, before they know it,
they're divorced. Once there, she finds her son and the college
“going to Hell in a hand basket” despite the earnest efforts of
the kind hearted Dean, Richard "Skeets" Gallagher, as Professor
Warren. Once they arrive at Earndale station, he is soon made
aware of his mistake. Once they arrive, the Linklaters discover
that Melanie was something of a local legend. Once they fall
asleep, Puck administers the love potion to Lysander again,
claiming all will be well in the morning. Once they see Shelley's
ability to attract boys, the Zetas change their mind and take in
Shelley as their new "house mother", hoping that she can save
them: their sorority is in danger of being shut down unless they
can get thirty new pledges to join. Once upon a time, in the
kingdom of Fortunia, a noble king and his lovely young queen lack
but one blessing to make their joy complete. One Canfield lowers
a rope (so he can get a better shot) to which Willie ties
himself, but the Canfield falls into the water far below,
dragging Willie along. One Christmas Eve, he receives an
unexpected and very unwanted surprise present. One Sunday after
Church, a chain of events occurs between the two friends. One
Valentine's evening a group of single, dateless friends get
together to play Trivial Pursuit. One afternoon Lucy witnesses a
murder in Florence. One afternoon some weeks after their
application, Estelle Novick, a striking young representative from
Rock-a-Bye, visits the Pooles' neighborhood. One afternoon,
Charlotte asks Will to join her in an after-school day-care
center. One afternoon, George and Nina are about to have sex when
George gets a phone call from Robert who tells him how much he
has missed him and invites him away for the weekend. One
afternoon, mr and mrs Godfrey (Alan Reed and Minna Gombell), an
American couple, come to the orphanage to adopt Bobby, a boy they
saw in one of the ads Pete ran in his newspaper. One afternoon,
while Kay is still away, Stanley takes the baby for a walk in the
park. One by one the three men come to love Sylvia. One by one,
Harold frightens and horrifies each of his appointed dates, by
appearing to commit gruesome acts such as self-immolation, self-
mutilation and seppuku. One day Evie Roy stops in a pristine
Range Rover, unsure if her tires need air. One day Gary delivers
pizza to Carmela (Louisa Moritz), a sexy Latina woman whose
sailor boyfriend is never home, and she tells him she wants more
than just pizza. One day George gets a message from Sally. One
day Griff gets an idea about becoming invisible and after some
research, finds himself doing experiments by purchasing things
from Melody's father's shop. One day Henry’s boat breaks down
while he is sailing around Oahu. One day Jesse announces that his
new girlfriend Veronica is pregnant, which does not sit well with
Celeste. One day Larrison overhears a conversation to the effect
that Jim can never forget his love for Edith. One day Lester is
walking down the street and he spots Dashiell and follows him.
One day Rip discovers that a survey made by a friend and ex Army
colleague of his, Hoopendecker (Kent Smith), in the small town of
Grandview, exactly matches one that Stringer has made on a
national level. One day Sally runs into Dustin in the street and
after a while the two of them start a relationship. One day Tim
tells Griff about his girlfriend 'Melody' and brings her with him
the next time he visits. One day Tom is contacted by his high
school classmate's mother, Ruth Abernathy (Barbara Hershey), to
tell him that his 'best friend,' Bill Abernathy, committed
suicide, and is asked to give a eulogy at the funeral. One day a
drug dealer named Thai (April Wade) mistakenly comes to his door.
One day after school, he is approached by Allison Vernon-
Williams, a pretty girl tired of being a "square", and the two
fall in love. One day after the shop closes, Tom sees Julie let
Scott into the store. One day at a book reading Sam shows up. One
day at the Santa Monica Pier, Johann Wulrich, an attractive
dentist who works as a part-time model, appears in their lives.
One day at work, Bill is promoted to floorwalker, while Janie is
made treasurer of the benefit pageant. One day before her
wedding, Patrick calls her at the radio station and tells her
that he loves her. One day during the summer, while hanging out
with Buddy, Rick suddenly turns up after reading her article. One
day he is involved in an accident, and the next day he learns
that the driver of the car with which he collided died. One day
he is served a warrant to perform repairs on the building he
owns, and learns that his financial advisor, Peter Danilo, bought
the building with his money some time ago as an investment. One
day he meets Anne Roberts, who signs up as a chambermaid. One day
his best friend tells him the famous actress Leslie Lutrell is
about to shoot a film in the surroundings of their little town.
One day however, the Girl calls him and tells him to bring her a
rose during class to commemorate their 100th-day anniversary. One
day in Southern California, they encounter John Wheeler (Henry
Fonda), and overhear his plan to buy a yacht for $15,000. One day
in gym class, Kate, Carrie, Heather and Beth end up on the same
team for a volleyball game. One day in the swamp, Tammy and her
grandfather locate the wreckage of a plane the grandfather had
heard crash and discover the unconscious body of Peter Brent
(Leslie Nielsen). One day on his way to work, Alex collides with
Niki on a city street. One day on the street, Will and Marni's
grandmother Bunny (Betty White) meet a man named Tim (Kyle
Bornheimer). One day she is working on the body of musician Sno
Blo (Rose McGowan). One day she meets Rick (Benson), a charming
gentleman who lures Britney into a relationship with his alluring
looks and sly wit. One day soon after Andy's homecoming, his
mother Emily observes him looking at store window displays of
wedding rings and baby clothing, and suspects that her son must
be in love. One day their class goes on a school trip to a museum
and they are forced to work together on an assignment. One day
they get into a quarrel and an older and very wealthy man, Norton
Larrison (Thomson), seizes the opportunity to court Edith. One
day when Wyatt calls Kim, her roommate's reply leads him to
believe that Kim is cheating on him with some guy named "The
Ricker". One day while at the restaurant, Toula briefly becomes
enamored with and embarrasses herself in front of Ian Miller
(John Corbett), a handsome school teacher. One day while on the
school roof he encounters another classmate, Sally (Emma
Roberts), smoking. One day while preparing her will with lawyer
Georges Hautecourt, Madame declares her fortune to be left to her
cats until their deaths, and thereafter to Edgar. One day while
riding a horse in the countryside, he becomes distracted by a
noise and sees someone flying across the sky. One day, Billy
ruins a dinner meeting between his father and his associates by
acting obnoxiously. One day, Dingle goes too far, reading aloud
to Joe from Connie's private diary, including her thoughts about
Joe. One day, Jennifer accidentally meets Bruce Templeton when
his fishing hook snags her costume. One day, Julie sees the head
of her stuffed animal (the one that Mikey tore apart) and decides
to learn to walk and leave. One day, Juliet comes to see Mark and
says she wants them to be friends. One day, Katie meets
travelling salesman Windy Weebe (Carson) who is instantly
smitten. One day, Kira and Nanda help save an elf found in her
room and their lives changes direction. One day, Lady is saddened
after her owners begin treating her rather coldly. One day, Loco
carries in some groceries, assisted by Tom Brookman (Cameron
Mitchell). One day, Maezumi talks with a rival, who brags about
his son having a master chef come to taste his ramen while
ridiculing Maezumi for trying to train Abby. One day, Melvin's
apartment neighbor, a gay artist named Simon Bishop, is assaulted
and nearly killed during a robbery. One day, Richard Calvert
(Franchot Tone) visits the Danas to study what Professor Dana is
practicing with the rabbits. One day, Sandy feels nauseated and
suspects she is pregnant. One day, Snug's deliberate insolence
prompts Roarer to fire him, and Snug goes to work at the lumber
camp. One day, Timmy reunites with a girl from his childhood
named Tootie (Daniella Monet), who had an obsessive crush on him
for years. One day, a perky, talkative Southern girl moves into
the bungalow across from them. One day, as Henry is about to sit
with Lucy at breakfast, she notices a police officer writing her
a ticket for her expired plates. One day, as Peter stands stark
naked in their apartment, Sarah announces that she is breaking up
with him. One day, at an exclusive jewel shop to purchase a
diamond ring, her tedium is lifted by a suave, charming thief
(William Powell) and his gang. One day, at dinner, Gyeon-woo is
interrupted by a call from his mother, telling him to visit his
aunt and meet a potential date. One day, at the beach without
Cathy, he gets his chance to talk to Lina and ends up starting an
affair with her. One day, before Courtney arrives for choir
practice, Nikko encourages the other choir members to try things
a different way, and performs "Your Own Way", persuading the
others to join in. One day, he meets nightclub waitress Sally
Murfin (Gloria Grahame), who is a lot more interested in Peter's
money and business than anything else. One day, he oversees his
geeky friend Lloyd Duffy (Adam Carl), who happens to live next
door with his uncle Herb (Harry Morgan) and aunt May (Irene
Tedrow), growing fruits with an experimental growth accelerator.
One day, her editor-in-chief, Rigfort (Garry Marshall) assigns
her to report undercover at a high school to help parents become
more aware of their children's lives. One day, in the tenement
Bong is managing for his Aunt Lolit, he receives the final notes
from the recently deceased neighborhood Doctor. One day, it turns
out that Fay's parents' marriage is not as perfect as it seemed
and it breaks down suddenly, after 40 years of "wedded bliss".
One day, on his way to practice, Izzy spies some girls in the
street jumping rope, which gives him inspiration for his team.
One day, she accidentally hits Jason Taylor (Laz Alonso) when
driving up quickly after putting on make-up and not seeing him
run through. One day, she falls in love with a known customer who
turns out be a soldier (Charles Boyer), locally known as the
ultimate ladies man. One day, she goes to meet a friend arriving
on a passenger ship. One day, she returns to Alabama and stays
with Forrest. One day, talented aboriginal artist Ben Crowchild
(Adam Beach) moves into the apartment next door, leading to the
two sharing a bathroom. One day, unable to concentrate on the
dance routine she was practicing, Marsha leaves the dance studio
to find Bryan outside ready to propose to her as he changed his
mind. One day, when Bob once again tries to see Acuña at his
office, Acuña orders the unseen Bob, mistakenly assuming him to
be a bellboy, to deliver the latest note and flower. One day,
when Haley has to go to an audition, Katie takes over her job as
a messenger and eventually has to deliver a shipment to a large
building construction company. One evening after work Alan,
Kokori and Ina have plans to go out. One evening he needs to go
out two separate dates with both Betty and Liz. One evening, Drew
takes Alicia to the old tree of her childhood, which he has had
covered in ice again. One evening, Julius is unable to attend a
concert with Amelia and sends his young business manager, Tony
Baldwin (Jeffrey Lynn), to the concert hall to explain his
absence. One example occurs during a dinner to celebrate her
brother's engagement. One finally discovers a sign explaining the
reason and is relieved. One gets arrested by police who discover
that he is a deserter from the Army. One girl is supportive (if
confused), but the other two are hostile to the idea: one of them
says, “God, Evie, if you were gonna turn gay you think you could
at least choose someone who’s pretty. One highlight of the film
is seeing and hearing Sinatra and Grayson singing "Là ci darem la
mano" from Mozart's 1787 opera Don Giovanni. One is a Japanese
client named mr Najimoto. One is the luscious heiress Liz
LaBreche, whose wealth attracts Charlie every bit as much as the
rest of her does. One month after Chucky's demise in the last
film, Tiffany, a former girlfriend and accomplice of serial
killer Charles Lee Ray, acquires Chucky's remains from a police
compound after murdering an officer who had access to the
evidence locker. One month has passed. One month later, all of
the characters are seen in Heathrow airport. One moonlit night,
while the two are on the lake in a canoe, Duke kisses Jo
passionately, proving to himself that he is cured of his
misogyny. One morning Eddie, a friend, drops by to ask Henry to
play in a baseball game, as one of the others is ill, and Henry
agrees to. One morning, Justine notices a new cashier and later
introduces herself. One morning, Kralik reveals to Pirovitch that
he's been corresponding anonymously with an intelligent and
cultured woman whose ad he came across in the newspaper. One
morning, Michael gets Julianne alone and tells her that it'll be
the last time they ever get to be alone. One morning, after
several blissful years of marriage, Sally hears the "death-watch
beetle," and knows it is coming for her husband. One morning, at
Betty's mansion, Art seductively enters her shower naked, only to
realize it's not Betty who's in there but her sister Liz (Daryl
Hannah), an art professor. One morning, he is playing golf with
the owner of one of the biggest newspaper publishers of New York.
One morning, she goes to work dressed as a flapper and attempts
to seduce him, but her effort fails. One night Teddy becomes
angry with Chick and leaves him to go to a party where she meets
up with Buzzy. One night after a fundraiser for a new primate
house Elizabeth is killed in a car accident, and her heart is
transplanted to Grace Briggs (Minnie Driver), who has suffered
from heart disease since the age of 14 and is near death. One
night after a party, Peggy decides to sleep with Charlie. One
night between the school taunting sequences, Debbie takes Desi
out dancing at a club, planning to confront her with her
suspicions that she has been stealing money from the store. One
night he has a date with the beautiful and wealthy Anna McDoogles
(Jennifer Garner). One night when she is attending two weddings
almost simultaneously, she meets Kevin Doyle (James Marsden), who
helps her get home but disgusts her with his cynical views of
marriage. One night while out driving with Aldys, Josie
encounters Guy and his gang at a local hangout called "The Court"
where promiscuity and underage drinking take place. One night,
Bill tells Grey that he is not Sue's father, he met Sue's mother
one night in Florida. One night, Henry arrives at home and finds
Sam dead in his bedroom. One night, Jackie is thrown in jail
after crashing her car while drag racing with some other
teenagers. One night, Josh is with his dad who asks him if he's
happy with Molly, stating that being truly in love means you can
be yourself with the other person. One night, Justine spots
Bubba's truck in the parking lot of the motel where she's been
meeting Holden. One night, Mollie watches the news and learns
that storms are all around the area. One night, Naomi brings Ely
along on a date with Bruce 2. One night, Natalie returns drunk
after a fashion show and tries to initiate sex with her fiance,
but he rejects her. One night, Pegeen "offers" Axler a 19-year-
old college student of her acquaintance named Lara. One night, R
eats the last of the brain, and experiences the last of Perry’s
memories. One night, Rocky comes into Connie's dressing room,
where Rover engage to get payback for what he did to him. One
night, a month before their high school graduation, Margo appears
at Quentin's bedroom window. One night, after Kyle and Lance
spend an evening with Claire, Lance discovers that Kyle has died
in an autoerotic asphyxiation accident in his bedroom. One night,
after getting her drunk on champagne, he removes her clothing and
has a chance to take advantage of her, but decides against it.
One night, dining at a Portuguese restaurant with Lois, Charlie
sees Celia singing fado, a haunting Portuguese form of song. One
night, he annoys the entire boarding house as he is trying to
complete a song he has been working on, “Someone”. One night, he
finds Miss Hutchinson alone and crying; he guesses she is having
romantic problems of her own and advises her to look her man
straight in the eye and have it out. One night, he sees Connie's
boyfriend, Rocky, in a transaction with a pair of gangsters, and
accidentally disrupts it. One night, in Julia's apartment and
under her direction, Jordan handcuffs and gags Julia in order to
practice a dominant posture, and Rachel chooses that moment to
show up and beg Jordan to come back to her. One night, spoiled
socialite Cornelia Bullock (Gail Patrick) offers him five dollars
to be her "forgotten man" for a scavenger hunt. One night, they
invite a bunch of servicemen to their apartment. One night, when
Jo is getting ready for a gala, she learns that Flostre is giving
a lecture at a cafe nearby. One night, while he is asleep, she
arrives and falls asleep in a chair near his bed. One night,
while listening to Ellie, Doris, and Herbert bicker over what the
baby should be named, Kay breaks down and runs to her room. One
of Gus's rivals and former "friend" of Lou's, named Dan Flynn
(David Landau), spends most of the movie dropping hints to Lou
that Gus is up to no good, promising to look after her once Gus
is in jail. One of Rip's colleagues warns him that he is becoming
too involved in the subject he is supposed to be studying, but
Rip is blinded by his own attraction to Mary. One of Terry's
duties is to assume the role of her fiancé in order to discourage
the insistent attention of Tony Barling, to whom Consuelo once
was engaged, and to keep her from succumbing to her former beau's
charms. One of Tom's tasks is to guard their owl, O-J, which
lives in an open cage (it has not been able to fly due to a deep
depression, from the loss of a prior mate). One of the actors has
quit, so Ginger is holding an audition. One of the bullets hits
her husband in the shoulder. One of the cars has gotten broken in
the holiday rush-crush, and his request is refused. One of the
few times they are truly focused and animated is when they go
hunting for the Living, their only food source, during which they
spontaneously form a hunting party. One of the highlights of the
film is a tongue-in-cheek musical number by Loren called "Tu vuò
fà l'americano" (You Want To Be Americano) written by famed
Neapolitan composer Renato Carosone. One of the listeners is
Annie Reed, a Baltimore Sun reporter who is engaged to amiable
Walter but feels there is something missing from their cordial
relationship. One of the magazine's writers, Jeff Schwensen (Jake
Johnson), proposes to investigate a newspaper classified ad that
reads: Jeff's story idea is approved by his boss, Bridget (Mary
Lynn Rajskub). One of the rich customers arranges a private
rendezvous, during which Slick barges in and attempts to run a
badger game on the customer. One of the vice presidents proposes
marriage to the girl, but Janice also finds herself accepting the
proposal of the other vice president's son. One of them is
Cynthia Potter (June Allyson), a talented pianist, but she can't
get in to see him. One of them is Harvester (Paul Stanton), who
has become a thorn in his side because of the way Ed has ignored
government procedures, and cutting into Harvester's business
earnings. One of them, Betsy, is about to be married. One of
them, Ned Broudy, offers Taylor a wager, that he cannot get three
randomly chosen women to fall in love with him over a three-month
period of time and accept a proposal of marriage. One onlooker
remarks that it must be wonderful to be king, unaware of Karl's
misery. One particular night, Mickey is forced to cut the bread
into slices so ridiculously paper-thin that you could see right
through them. One partner climbs while the other holds the rope
for support. One school even buys Leo a car, while another offers
to provide him with male companions if he isn't interested in
women. One set of grandparents has brought along a bizarre
foreign exchange student, Long Duk Dong (Gedde Watanabe). One
stormy night in 1810, family patriarch John McKay (Edward Coxen)
and his rival James Canfield (Tom London) kill each other. One
such deal is a venture into dealing modern art, with the aid of
Stanislas (Louis Nye), a cynical avant-garde painter. One thing
leads to another, and Beth volunteers to return to James's (and
his mother's) apartment, where they have sex. One thrilling
incident follows upon the heels of another in their attempts to
get away, and it ends with him setting one tribe against another,
leaving them free to peacefully ride away. One time, he invites
her in and she accepts. One who's angry with him has torn it and
tossed it out the window. One woman comes in each day to cook for
him, the other is happy to wash his clothes. One year after the
marriage, Jay is having an affair with Judith (Jane Awindor), and
constantly lies to Kimora. One year after their royal wedding,
King Edvard and Queen Paige of Denmark receive an invitation to
attend the wedding of Princess Myra of Sangyoon. One year later
Jane and Kevin are getting married. One year later Karan's
cartoon Hum Tum becomes a hit and he writes a book about Hum and
Tum. One year later both have become wealthy. One year later,
Matt's comic book is a success and he has furthered his
relationship with Scott, who enthusiastically helps care for the
baby. One year later, Tanzie plans to go to college in the future
and Ava is planning to announce her engagement with fiancè Mic
(Brandon Beemer) to the public, despite having been engaged
months ago. One year later, as Patricia exits a university
building she is approached by a colleague. One year later, both
Banky and Holden are busy promoting their own respective comics
at a convention in New York. One year later, the family reunites
at the Stone house. Only Gene (Christopher Meloni), the shell-
shocked Vietnam war veteran and camp chef, can help Coop win
Katie—with some help from a talking can of mixed vegetables
(voiced by Jon Benjamin). Only Miranda, unfettered by a job for
the first time in her life, is enthusiastic. Only Stanley, whom
Kay feels is the sole parent who understands her is able to
comfort her. Only after she meets Dorothy is Jerry forced to
evaluate her decision. Only as the Tsar arrives with a splendid
carriage to fetch her, does astonishment set in. Only four
members, including Nikko and Courtney, show up at the bowling
alley, where they discover that Tammi and Royce are already
bowling in their lane. Only slightly daunted, he proves to be
surprisingly competent, although Cornelia holds a grudge against
him. Only the unexpected reappearance of Hannah, who was also
exposed to the meteorite's energies, and now possesses the same
powers as G-Girl, saves Matt. Only then does she discover that
Jules is not a she but a he. Only through some fancy footwork,
advice from Aunt Helen and mentor Harry, and a daring sexual
escapade can Casey figure out how to set things right and perhaps
even find the love he's been seeking. Only two days before their
wedding Charles throws a party in Claire's honor. Only when her
grandfather tells Xiao-jie a love story that happened at that
time does Xiao-jie finally understood that reason why her
grandmother could not forget Bao-long Wan. Onstage, Cady declares
that all her classmates are wonderful in their own way, breaks
her plastic tiara, and distributes the pieces to some other
girls. Open record for a single round by shooting a 62, thus
making the cut. Open, but Molly re-assures him about the
immortality of what just happened, "Five years from now nobody
will remember who won or lost, but they're gonna remember your
12. Open, but is urged by Molly to "go for it". Open. Open. Opie
starts having sex with other women, including Thai's lesbian
lover Dakota (Ute Werner) and a "gun-toting" nymphomaniac named
Rain (Jesselynn Desmond). Opposed to this, Susan nevertheless is
offended by Philip's indifferent reaction to Henry's indecent
proposal. Or do we make our own. Orestes finally figures out he
has been conned and telephones for the police. Organizing other
small-time New York swindlers and Brainey, who is both surprised
and charmed at the Kid's apparent goodwill, the Kid converts an
abandoned casino (ironically belonging to Moose Moran) into the
"Nellie Thursday Home For Old Dolls". Originally engaged, Bob and
Alysia elope to Bowling Green, Connecticut, where they meet Silas
Meachum, a campaigner against motion pictures, and his daughter,
Polly. Orlando proposes to Helen. Orlinda then meets up with
Paulo who takes his taxi and ties a rope to pull away at the bars
of Raymond's prison. Ormsby is touched by their concern and
agrees to forego a conference in order to operate on Danny.
Orphaned at the age of five, the brothers inherited their family
brewery -- the real-life Left Hand Brewing Company -- and were
left in the care of their uncle, a well-meaning but less than
ideal paternal figure. Orville admits the truth, but it's clear
he's still mad at Jeff. Orville feigns ignorance and tries to
send him away. Orville finds out about the prophecy and runs to
Jeff and convinces him that the princess actually loves him and
he's going to run off with Mihirmah. Orville is approached by a
group of bearers carrying someone in a veiled box. Orville is
furious, especially since neither of them know why the man bought
him. Orville is happy to be able to pay for the meal, until he
learns that Jeff 'sold' him. Oscar falls for Amy virtually on
sight, but she thinks he's gay. Oscar invites Charity to go to
church with him, to which she hesitantly agrees. Oscar is in love
with Georgia despite Georgia's lack of interest in him, and when
Peter spots them together, he thinks he has discovered the
identity of Elvira's lover. Osgood dismisses them all; he loves
Daphne and is determined to go through with the marriage. Osgood
invites Daphne for a champagne supper on his yacht. Osh comes
clean about renting the house to the Careys, inspired by Nancy's
good-heartedness. Other Guy receives a Blankman t-shirt (much to
Kevin's disgust). Other Guy, however, is overconfident and is
wounded because his costume is not bulletproof like Darryl's.
Other family members were Uncle Abe and Aunt Ceil, grandpa and
grandma, and Aunt Bea (Dianne Wiest). Other loners hold the hotel
manager and her husband at gunpoint, tricking him into shooting
his wife to save himself, but the gun is not loaded, leaving the
couple to face each other. Other members of gang try to restrain
the attacker while Akpors displays his aggressive behaviour and
breaks a bottle on his head, threatening and chasing his attacker
as a defensive measure. Other notable cameos in the movie include
Kevin Youkilis, Curt Gowdy, Hank Aaron and Carlton Fisk. Other
passengers aboard ship include pools winner Llewellyn Wendover
(Harry Secombe) and mrs Dailey (Irene Handl), a socially
ambitious lady hoping to find a wealthy match for her daughter
Dawn (Janet Mahoney). Other radio memories are stories about
sporting heroes, news bulletins about World War II, a report of
an extraterrestrial invasion, and a live report of the search for
a little girl who fell into a well. Other servicemen described
her beauty to him, as her family’s friend, Ferdi Farro (Jimmy
Durante), played on the piano. Other students confess their own
secret passions and talents ("Stick to the Status Quo"), alarming
both Taylor and Troy's best friend Chad Danforth (Corbin Bleu).
Other teams compete while the Hot Chili Steppers look on, and
then the Dutch Dragons take their turn. Other than Jane and
Elizabeth, all the members of the Bennet family show their lack
of decorum. Other than Maggie and his employees, the only person
Frankie has contact with is a local pastor, with whom he spars
verbally at daily Mass. Other variants have her helped by talking
animals, as in Katie Woodencloak, Rushen Coatie, Bawang Putih
Bawang Merah, The Story of Tam and Cam, or The Sharp Grey
Sheep—these animals often having some connection with her dead
mother; in The Golden Slipper, a fish aids her after she puts it
in water. Others call the police, reporting a murdered woman.
Others cars enter in the race, including New York City's most
prominent newspaper. Otherwise, his soul will be reincarnated on
Earth to live another life in another attempt at moving past his
fears. Otis quickly races to the courthouse to tell Barney. Otto
and Gilda dine together and their old love is rekindled. Otto
enters from the street, carrying luggage, and very clearly not
bedridden as Gilda has told Ernest. Out of gratitude, Gerard
offers to drive George to his wedding. Out of her own desire to
maintain her career by convincing the press that they are trying
to reconcile, Gwen tries to prevent a blossoming relationship
between Kiki and Eddie with her manipulation. Out of insanity and
loveJ. Out of loyalty, she declines. Out of luck and almost out
of time, they all end up in front of a Justice of the Peace, who
tries to fathom out the facts, and whether to jail the pair or
marry them, before his dinner gets cold. Out of pity, Paul
marries Dorothy. Out of spite, Olive then immediately tells mr
Griffith, who believes her and separates from mrs Griffith. Out
of the blue, Val receives an offer to direct a big-budget
blockbuster movie to be set in New York City. Out on the job, she
meets Perry Singleton (John Gallagher, Jr) and they arrange a
date. Outfitted with nothing more than a bag of pills and a sack
of marijuana (and a horse instead of a car), he goes back to
Texas only to be faced with his brother’s wife Katherine
(Paquin), who he is still pining for, his first love. Outgoing,
honest, and somewhat tactless, she has many friends but pines for
a romantic relationship, one that will be more meaningful than
the flings she has had with married conventioneers in previous
years. Outraged at her father's tone, Anna decides she will go to
the Love Parade in Berlin. Outraged at his duplicity, she offers
half the money to David. Outraged by what she thinks are insults
aimed at her family, she breaks up with him. Outraged, Jenna
confronts Lucy for stealing, but Lucy scornfully tells her that
Jenna was the one sabotaging her own magazine all along; Lucy
merely found out about it and did the same thing. Outraged, Josie
throws her crown away and reveals her true identity. Outraged,
Rhea slaps him, and storms off, but Karan insists they'll meet
again. Outraged, the Emir sends his men to bring the Americans
back to be executed. Outside Joan's room, Rossini pretends to
argue with Jim, Flash fires his gun in the air, and Jim collapses
onto the floor, pretending to be hit. Outside Nick tells Brooke
that he hadn't seen Hannah in six years since he went to propose
to her and she broke up with him. Outside Tomas' house, FBI agent
Carmen Rivera (Lisa Vidal), is waiting. Outside a convenience
store, they are pulled over by Officer Norton, who searches
Jesse's car and finds the marijuana. Outside alone, Newton
praises Gwen for her brilliance, but Gwen replies that she wanted
their marriage to work. Outside the Winchester, Shaun distracts
the horde away while the rest take refuge inside, where Shaun
rejoins them. Outside the church, Danny surprises Carla with a
marching band playing a song from The Music Man. Outside the
courtroom, Uncle Bob tells him her betrothal to Raul is a mistake
and all she needs is a good spanking to make her come to her
senses. Outside the graveyard, Frances apologizes to Robie and
confesses her love. Outside the house, Ozzy comes by to talk to
Roxanna and she reveals that she actually did get the part, but
it wasn't a very big part anyway, and she thought it would be
best to stick with her family during these times, so she turned
down the part. Outside the office, they happen to catch Dusty
singing to a sexy nurse and then kissing her. Outside the room,
Melissa tells Stacy about Jamie and how they have bonded with one
another. Outside the station, Dingle admits he lied to protect
his reputation. Outside the theater, she asks Ben Calder (Matthew
Goode) for a ride on his motorbike. Outside they notice Boyd and
flee to a nearby motel. Outside, Alexis tells Ozzy that he's
ready to die, and has been for many years while in prison.
Outside, Dingle puts up a card, showing that the apartment
belongs to mr and mrs Sgt. Outside, Harper and Lance make up and
conclude a 14-year feud. Outside, Maria tells him that the
"butler" was actually the President. Outside, Tomás wakes up in
Agent Rivera's car. Outside, she and Bruno share a bottle of
wine, sad over having to lose their chances with Mary and Edward.
Outside, the crowd of zombies has grown. Outwardly despising
Jeffrey but perhaps still harboring some feelings for him,
Celeste becomes unhinged when Jeffrey and Lori seem to be about
to begin a romantic relationship, seemingly from jealousy. Over
lunch the next day, Tommy is curious to know what one of the
elite "Parkes of Boston" is doing as a servant. Over the course
of a magical evening they both discover they have much more in
common than either of them could have possibly imagined. Over the
course of four years, Westley learned how to fence, fight, and
sail. Over the course of the program, Megan becomes friends with
another girl at the camp, a college student named Graham (Clea
DuVall) who, though more comfortable being gay than Megan, was
forced to the camp at the risk of otherwise being disowned by her
family. Over the course of the weekend, old romances reignite,
new romances develop, and everyone ends up sneaking off behind
everyone else's backs. Over the course of their marriage,
Geoffrey Lymes (Walls) has become increasingly exasperated by the
shallowness and superficiality of his wife Anne (Nesbitt). Over
the early weeks of their relationship, she and Helen slowly work
on building up her confidence in this area by gradually extended
make-out sessions. Over the end credits, Terri performs for her
parents and Nina, with Jay cheering her on. Over the following
months, John attempts to reach Claire but she refuses to see him.
Over the loudspeaker and with the help of Billy and the flight
crew, he sings a song he has written called "Grow Old With You,"
which he has dedicated to Julia. Over the next few days Derrick
tries persistently to call Jhnelle but Sandie answers and to
Jhnelle's request tells him she's out. Over the next few days,
they grow closer while writing the words and music together, much
to the delight of Sophie's older sister Rhonda (Kristen
Johnston), a huge fan of Alex. Over the next few days, they spend
more time together and Richard imagines that they are growing
closer, although she is immune to his imagined charms. Over the
next few months they go on to become the toast of the Californian
racing circuit, while Thorndyke suffers increasingly humiliating
defeats. Over the next few weeks, Julia begins to feel confused.
Over the next few weeks, as Nate and June become friends and she
emerges from her cocoon, with her face and appearance
transforming into that of an attractive woman whose beauty begins
to compare with Cristabel, Nate slowly realizes that June may be
the girl of his dreams. Over the next few weeks, despite setting
out to just "hang out and have fun" without obligation, they find
themselves coming closer together. Over the next several days,
Izzy spends more and more time with the Joy Jumpers and improves
tremendously at Double Dutch, though his boxing skills and
punctuality suffer as a result. Over the years, Will becomes
involved with three women who enter his life, including Summer
Hartley, an aspiring journalist, and April the copy girl for the
campaign. Over time George establishes Bailey Park, a housing
development with small houses financed by loans from Bailey
Building and Loan, which allows people to own their own homes
rather than pay rent to live in Potter's overpriced slums. Over
time he protects various other people in the community, building
up a reputation and inspiring both the town and other real life
superheroes. Over time, Ashley and Dan eventually reconcile. Over
time, Carla realizes she still loves Danny and wants to see him
again despite her mother's advising her otherwise. Over time,
Dunphy struggles with issues including class structure, loyalty,
first love, and his ongoing issues with his father. Over time,
Nick succeeds to rekindle some of his female acquaintance/
relationships especially at work. Over time, Paula keeps her
virtue and the secret of her real identity intact, but Cormack's
children begin to like her and want her to be their mother. Over
time, Richard and Jane become friends, and eventually Jane asks
Richard to help her find someone to lose her virginity to,
explaining that she doesn't wish to die a virgin. Over time, the
unlikely pair falls in love just as conservative senator Mary
Ellen Spinkle vows to banish dr S and his offensive lyrics from
the airwaves forever. Overall, the Careys find that moving to the
country was the best decision for them and they're content in
their new home ("Summer Magic"). Overcautious about romance
because of so much past emotional pain, Kate resists, but finally
agrees to give things a chance to his suggestion that they see
what the future might bring. Overcome with emotion, she runs back
to her car. Overcome, she runs back to the bar, where Robert has
started working as a janitor, and says he has won her heart with
the poem. Overcoming a shaky start, Maggie begins to dominate the
fight, but after a round has ended, Billie knocks her out with an
illegal sucker punch from behind after the bell has sounded to
indicate the end of the round. Overhearing this, and fretting
about having lost Victoria to another man, Victor agrees to die
for Emily. Overjoyed at seeing her again, Cathy and Michael
return to spend the last three weeks of their summer with her.
Overjoyed, he celebrates in an airport bar, where Amelia meets
with him and explains that a man she had been having an affair
with, a government official, helped her to secure Viktor with a
one-day emergency visa to fulfill his dream. Overjoyed, he rushes
home and tells Dolly, his mother, and "cousins" Brad and Gwen.
Overlooking his contract by not reading its specifics, Stroker
begins a new life as the commercial face for the Chicken Pit
fast-food restaurants. Overly set in his playboy and carousing
ways, he procrastinates the writing of the screenplay until just
two days before it is due. Overnight, another blizzard blows the
cabin half over a cliff right next to Jim's gold deposit.
Overweight, depressed improv actor James (Garlin) is a Second
City cast member in Chicago. Overwhelmed, Julie instinctively
blames herself easily since her mother (Eartha Kitt) has made her
feel inadequate for not being a stay-at-home mom. Overwhelmed,
Stan goes to a children's playing area to figure out what it
means to be a father, but is suspected to be a pervert; this is
soon cleared up. Overwhelmed, she moves out and gets her own
apartment. Overworked World War II riveter Maisie Ravier (Ann
Sothern) becomes irritable and starts involuntarily winking at
people, so the factory's doctor prescribes a two-week vacation
with pay. Overworked air traffic controller Jack Chester (Candy)
is given four paid weeks off as an alternative to being fired
after nearly causing a mid-air collision on the job and having an
outburst over what turned out to be a fly covering a radar blip.
Owen claims he cannot have a wife and a secretary so fires his
wife and goes back to his old ways, hiring an admiring and
attractive female to be his secretary. Owing to a "promise" from
Troy, he and Sharpay practice their song for the Midsummer
Night's Talent Show ("You Are The Music In Me (Sharpay
Version)"). Owing to the heavy London traffic he is delayed and
misses his flight back to the States. Owning one of the larger
ranches in the area, Tostado is not used to people telling him
no. Oz (Chris Klein) is miserable, being away from his girlfriend
Heather (Mena Suvari) who is in Spain. Oz and Kevin take turns
watching up a ladder and listening on the walkie-talkie also in
the room. Ozzy and Roxanna go to the river, where he gets rid of
the gun, and the two kiss. Ozzy assures her that she will get her
big break, but she is not so sure. Ozzy gives up, and lets Alexis
live, and leaves to meet Roxanna. Ozzy is happy that Roxanna may
stay, but is supportive of her career. Ozzy is visibly struggling
to decide whether or not to kill Alexis, just then, his phone
rings, it's Roxanna. Ozzy stares at Alexis, and Alexis stares
back, however, before Ozzy is able to make his way to Alexis,
both Jesse and Johnny hold him back then they make their way to
Edy's store. O’Malley puts Fitzgibbon to sleep with an Irish
lullaby, “Too Ra Loo Ra Loo Ral”. O’Malley seeks to make inroads
into the boys’ lives, befriending Scaponi and eventually
convincing the boys to become a church choir. PV wows the
audience with their routine and Camille starts getting worried.
Pacheco, the Minister of Finance, has embezzled $200,000 from the
national treasury, and an audit is scheduled soon. Paco follows
her to the train station, tells her about his own shady past, and
makes her realize she and the baby are just as valuable to Grace
as Grace is to them. Paddy is devastated to learn about Sophie's
choice and throws the old bottle of scotch in the trash as he
leaves the party. Paddy lives alone in his Brooklyn apartment, a
curmudgeon in grief since the death of his wife, Sophie, over a
year ago. Paddy tells Billy he invited Diana to the party because
he likes her and wants to start anew after Sophie’s passing, but
realizes Billy likes her too. Paige Morgan (Julia Stiles) is a
pre-medical student at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Paige
and Eddie decide they must do everything they can to save the
forest, even if it means putting aside their honeymoon. Paige
angrily drenches Eddie with the drink hose and bouncers escort
Eddie from the bar. Paige is attracted to Rick, but he shoots her
down to dance with Leigh. Paige leaves her taxi and is recognized
from the papers by the crowd, who call Edvard’s attention to her.
Paige reluctantly helps him during his first day, and the two
start to mend fences. Paige's father explains how he struggles to
keep the small farm afloat, and Eddie uses his mechanical skills
to fine-tune a riding mower for a race, which he wins. Paintings
around the studio show visual metaphors from relations past:
stormy skies, burning bridges, and tormented clowns. Palmer meets
the kids, who then blackmail Danny in front of Palmer to take
them all to Hawaii. Palmer then insists on meeting Devlin. Pam
becomes annoyed by Sabrina's acts of kindness and counts three
strikes already against her. Pam tells Sabrina to ask her parents
who are her real parents. Pamela becomes determined that she will
quit acting and she wants to marry John. Pamela boards the train
and finds Su-Su sleeping in the lower berth in his compartment.
Pamela devotes herself to her role, with the help of her mother,
and becomes the star of st Anne. Pamela is initially crushed, but
she was not really in love with John. Pamela is very excited, but
does not know she is taking over a role which they had originally
offered to her mother. Pamela sings, "Quando me n'vo - When I go
along," from "La bohème". Pamela travels to Hawaii to ask her
mother to coach her. Pamela's teenaged sister Lucy (Diana Lynn)
immediately sees through Susan's disguise. Pampinea agrees to
marry Gerbino right that day to save Lorenzo, and thus Lorenzo is
banished to the woods. Pampinea is the daughter of a wealthy
merchant who has died moment before the start of the movie.
Pampinea&mdash;trying to escape from Gerbino's grasp&mdash;ran to
the convent for shelter. Pampinea, in love with Lorenzo, refuses
to get married to Count Dzerzhinsky, only to realise moments
later that the Count himself is actually in love with Melissa who
has been posing as her. Panic-stricken, Claude tells Raymond to
reveal to her that they are brothers (in order to break off the
engagement without being sued for breach of promise) and hastily
departs. Panicked but determined, Jerry buries the body and then
calls Bernie to report on the situation, only for his vehicle to
be stolen while he makes the call, the gun still inside. Panicked
by the incident Johnny has quite a few drinks with his best
friend Bob who tries to get Johnny to relive his stormy crossing
to the United Kingdom and his commando training in an effort to
get him to recall what occurred during his amnesia but they are
unsuccessful. Panicked, Rahul learns that the men are her
cousins, and that her name is Meenalochni "Meena" Azhagusundaram
(Deepika Padukone). Panicked, the cat rushes out to save him,
only to run directly into Pepé's arms. Panos tells Maria that the
reason why Gus invited him to the wedding was because he confided
to him as evidence of his love and need for her, and the ceremony
takes place as planned. Panying, Doc’s assistant, hands Bong his
result an just hand out Winona’s. Paolo asks Lizzie to meet him
at the fountain the next day, and she feigns illness to sneak
away. Paolo tells Lizzie that Isabella lip syncs, and begs her to
pose as Isabella for the concert. Paolo's plan is to ruin
Isabella's career and embarrass Lizzie. Papa Martelli forbids it,
saying in this family all of the eldest daughters must be married
before the youngest can. Papa asks Nasser to give Omar a job and,
after working for a brief time as a car washer in one of his
uncle's garages, he is assigned the task of managing a run-down
laundrette and turning it into a profitable business. Paper Towns
takes place in and around a fictional subdivision, located in
suburban Orlando, Florida, called Jefferson Park. Paris and Zeke
are two guardian angels who confront them with plans for change.
Paris feels smothered by her close-knit clan's obsessive love and
lack of regard for her privacy, and Gus's constantly trying to
find a Greek boyfriend for her. Paris is a former dolphin while
Zeke is a former squirrel. Paris-based American author Olivia
Pace (Glenn Close), a friend of Roxy's, offers Isabel a job.
Parisian Marion is living in New York with her son, in order to
be closer to Jack, the boy's father (Marion's ex-boyfriend from 2
Days in Paris). Parisian doctor Andre Bertier (Maurice Chevalier)
is faithful to his loving wife, Colette (Jeanette MacDonald),
much to the surprise of his lovely female patients. Parker
(Sharon Stone), a wealthy dermatologist, mentions to her patient
Murray (Woody Allen) that she and a woman friend, Robbie, wish to
experience a ménage à trois and asks if he knows a willing man.
Parker". Parks overcomes his attachment to swinging bachelorhood
and asks Moore to leave with him for New York City. Part of her
welcome seems to include being jumped on by Peter's large dog Sam
in the middle of the night. Part of the audience is so shocked
that after the break they call out their displeasure and leave
the theater. Passers-by discuss the apparent drowning but do
nothing, until a young Spaniard finally rescues her. Pat
Collins), who offers him a well-paying job, which will start when
Snug learns how to drive the mules. Pat Pemberton (Katharine
Hepburn) is a brilliant athlete who loses her confidence whenever
her charming but undermining fiancé Collier (William Ching) is
around. Pat accuses her of unethical behavior and refuses to see
her again. Pat asks Tiffany for time off from practice to attend
the game. Pat believes the competition will be a good way to show
Nikki that he has changed and become a better person. Pat finds
her moments before their dance and drags her onto the dance
floor. Pat is reluctant, and Tiffany, Dolores, and Patrizio
conspire to persuade Pat to dance in the competition by telling
him that Nikki will be there; it is revealed that his parents
have secretly supported Tiffany's attempts to get along with him.
Pat leaves Nikki behind after a short conversation, and chases
Tiffany. Pat notices that the letter from Nikki also refers to
"reading the signs" and realizes that Tiffany wrote it. Pat plans
to break his engagement to Susan, but becomes depressed when she
breaks up with him. Pat then decides to end the relationship for
good for Leslie, an auto mechanic. Pat's therapist, dr Patel
(Anupam Kher), does his best to convince him to keep taking his
medication, as a repeat of his violent outbursts might send him
back to the clinic. Patch starts rehearsals up again using his
own money, and when Janie returns and finds out that Tod has
deceived her and manipulated things behind the scenes, she dumps
him and joins up with her new sweetheart, Patch, to put on the
show, which is a smash hit. Patricia and Gavin have decided to
split everything down the middle in the settlement, but Gavin
reveals that Patricia has not offered up the account containing
her $850,000 book revenue. Patricia changes the locks and catches
Gavin, Terry, and Marcus moving Gavin's things out, then learns
Gavin has taken all their money, including her book money;
enraged, Patricia trashes the house with his golf clubs. Patricia
does not regain consciousness for several days. Patricia finds
the extra bag filled with money in the luggage room and Cici gets
a map to the festival. Patricia gets the chief to marry them.
Patricia has moved into her own apartment with her dog Fifi and
has gotten a job at an art gallery. Patricia informs the sheikh
that because of opposition to removing salmon from British rivers
they will need to use farmed salmon. Patricia is knocked
unconscious and flung overboard. Patricia knocks Victor out with
a lamp and Cici calls Fala in Miami for answers about the car but
doesn't get any. Patricia refuses to give Gavin any of her book
money, but as she leaves, Gavin advises Dianne to tell Patricia
to "prepare for a fight", as he intends to get half of that
account as well. Patricia tries to stop him, declaring her love
for him. Patrick Sullivan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) is looking
forward to a life with Sophia (Justina Machado), until she calls
into the show by famed love expert and radio host dr Emma Lloyd
(Uma Thurman). Patrick accompanies her to the tasting, where Frau
Greta Bollenbecker (Isabella Rossellini) assumes he is Emma's
fiancé, Richard. Patrick agrees to the deal, but Kat rebuffs his
first few advances. Patrick and Emma continue their argument in
an elevator. Patrick attends to her, and Kat starts to open up,
expressing her interest in starting a band. Patrick decides to
throw out everything related to Emma or Sophia, but instead reads
Emma's book, "Real Love". Patrick initially refuses, but relents
when Joey offers him more money. Patrick invites them all to
Ajay's Upanayana ceremony. Patrick is so upset that when he hears
that Emma is about to be married herself, he allows his young
neighbour, Ajay, to hack into public records and create a fake
marriage certificate between himself and Emma. Patrick still has
the annulment papers, so he comes to the book launch. Patrick
surprises her with a guitar bought with the money that Joey paid
him, and confesses that he has fallen for her. Patrick takes
Jenny to what seems to her to be a fashionable, upmarket Italian
restaurant but which Amis makes clear is a classless provincial
pseudo-Italianate place. Patrick then confesses that he had
initially wanted to teach her a lesson about love but then fell
for her. Patrick's morals are spotlighted at this point by his
going to bed with a girl who, after Jenny's no-show, happens to
knock on his door, a girl who is not only still a schoolgirl but
is also his headmaster's daughter. Patrick, after ensuring the
absence of Graham, waits for her to come to his flat but she
doesn't come. Patrick, one of the Lacuna technicians performing
the erasure, uses Joel's memories and mannerisms to seduce
Clementine. Patrizio hopes to open his own restaurant and has
resorted to illegal bookmaking. Patrizio opens a restaurant with
the money he has won, Pat and Tiffany become a couple, and both
of them are no longer wearing their wedding rings. Patti Petalson
(Selma Blair) is a promising writer, but her marriage and
conventional job keep her from her dream. Patty, for her part,
believes Molly had only chosen Kirk because he was a "safe"
choice after being hurt by her last boyfriend, Air Force pilot
Cam (Geoff Stults), who assumes Kirk is a waiter and attempts to
order drinks from Kirk when they first meet, and then believing
Kirk to be a homosexual friend of Molly's. Paul Chadwick (Hudson)
is a wealthy American oilman who is in a Parisian court, where he
is up against the opposing lawyer Michel Boullard (Charles
Boyer). Paul Manning discovers one day that his dear friend and
neighbor Ed Stander has been cheating on his wife. Paul accepts
the situation and even arranges a meeting with Emilio to make him
realize that he has made a mistake with Susie. Paul accidentally
sprays himself in the face, alerting Vincent who then holds Paul
at gun-point. Paul and Jerry run into each other and she
discovers he still loves her and is willing to leave Dorothy to
be with her. Paul and Meryl are relocated to the small town of
Ray, Wyoming and placed temporarily under the protection of
husband and wife/sheriff and deputy, Clay and Emma Wheeler (Sam
Elliot and Mary Steenburgen). Paul and Meryl go on a "date" in
town and begin to reconcile, but then Paul is hurt when he learns
that Meryl had a one-night stand with one of their acquaintances
during their separation. Paul apologizes for having hurt his
French pride and offers a favor in return. Paul arranges for Gary
to meet her, but this proves disappointing, as she fails to live
up to the expectations that Gary has built up in his dreams of
her. Paul arrives only moments later to find Martin, who coerces
him into helping dispose of LaPoubelle's body in the school
furnace. Paul begins his "treatment" of Larry and lets others in
on the plan. Paul contradicts a tour guide at the Musée Rodin,
and insists that his knowledge of Rodin's relationships is more
accurate than that of the guide. Paul decides to treat him with a
form of shock therapy to "scare him to death" in much the same
way someone might try to startle someone out of hiccups. Paul
eventually tries to clear things up, but Adams thinks he is just
joking. Paul gets close to cheating on his wife Ruth, but he
never quite goes through with it. Paul is a decent but plain man
with somewhat nerdy tastes who does not need to work for a
living, instead indulging in his hobbies of astronomy, beer
brewing and cycling. Paul is perplexed by her behavior, and still
thinks that Nancy is pregnant and troubled. Paul is speechless
over the situation but his need for money persuades him to be a
party to the deception, given that it will only be necessary to
do this for a few hours. Paul is still upset with her for
abandoning him to marry another royal, who has since died. Paul
is taken in at first, but then sees that it is only raining on
one side of the house. Paul returns, having received a letter
from her, apologizing for her behaviour and asking him to come
see her before he leaves for Paris. Paul reveals that he has been
seeing other people, thinking she was doing the same, and breaks
up with her. Paul sadly leaves. Paul stands up for his brother,
recalling that Connor helped raise him after their parents'
death, and expresses his hope that Connor will someday change for
the better. Paul stays the night and has sex with George,
resulting in a fallout between George and Nina. Paul takes pity
on Nancy and enlists the help of his business partner, Marina
Rodrigues (Carmen Miranda), to counsel the young girl. Paul takes
this opportunity to flee the scene and run home to his beloved
wife. Paul wakes up Maggie that night with a phone call, saying
he needs Pete for an assignment. Paul wins the case, but only by
seducing the judge, who happens to be a woman. Paul would be the
perfect man for the deed: he is the ultimate womanizer. Paula
(Natalia Oreiro) is 9-months pregnant and was left by her
boyfriend Santiago early in her pregnancy. Paula breaks up with
him and Jake is arrested. Paula declines but is happy because she
knows that Elliot's invitation is evidence that he loves her and
will come back. Paula gets back together with her husband, having
been convinced to do so by her counselor. Paula gets suspicious
and decides to play a trick on her husband, hiring an actor to
pretend to be a gigolo who is interested in her. Paula has to
impersonate Clarice until Burton can have the marriage of Clarice
and Michael annulled. Paula introduces Raymond to Yolanda (Itz
Tiffany), her old friend, and Raymond starts an affair with her
as well. Paula is informed of this and is scared that Elliot is
leaving her, never to return, like all the other men in her life.
Paula pours her heart out to him, and he finally forgives her.
Paula realizes that she's had a very bad sex life with her
husband, so she makes a sex timetable; infuriates Raymond and he
asks for a divorce. Paula struggles to get back into shape to
resume her career as a dancer. Paula's vocation exasperates her
roommate Kit (Zooey Deschanel), who believes that Paula took the
job because she once had her heart broken by a man who lived with
his parents. Paula, however, demands a divorce during the
confusion, convinced that Margot has been having an affair with
her husband. Paula, on the other hand, is shocked when she finds
out why Tripp lives at home: his life collapsed when his fiancée
suddenly died, and his family has been his source of solace ever
since. Paulette dates other people, including a performance
artist (Steve Buscemi) and a painter (Jesse Borrego). Paulette
wants to give up and go home to her parents but Lionel persuades
her to stay because New York is where a painter needs to be.
Paulie (Burns), a self-supporting writer, is making plans for his
marriage to Sue (Murphy), his girlfriend who is in her 5th month
of pregnancy. Paulie is strongly advised by his older brother
Jimbo (Logue) to not go through with the wedding. Paulina holds a
grudge against Darrin because of his mother and for "stealing"
her spot as choir director, as she was next in line and had
waited for years for Sally to pass away. Paulo immediately
befriends Raymond, with is eyes greedily on his cash as he owes
the biggest Mafia leader in Rio money and insists that he is
prepared to take Raymond wherever he needs to go and whatever he
needs done can be done. Peabody Jr. Peabody Jr. Peabody Sr.
Peabody goes on vacation with his wife Polly (Irene Hervey) to a
Caribbean resort. Peaches (Mo'Nique), a hair stylist from
Baltimore, and her estranged sister, Angela (Kellita Smith), the
owner of an upscale salon in Beverly Hills, get reacquainted when
Peaches decides to attend a celebration for Angela in Los
Angeles. Pearl Berman has just returned home from her husband
Jack's funeral, her grief disrupted by her many relatives
animatedly discussing which parkway offered the best route to the
cemetery. Pearl asks his opinion of a poem, and when she argues
his interpretation Mickey reveals that he taught poetry, as well
as being a photographer and a former soldier. Pearl dislikes the
three new friends, but the Colonel accepts them, glad Wilma is
happy, and privately gives her a valuable pearl necklace that
once belonged to his great-grandmother. Pearl's family tackles
any and every subject – from body odor to toilets to Tupperware
to borscht – as if it's worthy of a major debate. Pedigrew later
explains that his ex-wife Shirley (Hillary Brooke) intends to
marry Henry. Pedigrew wants to remarry Shirley (again) because,
after two expensive divorces, she has most of his money, and he
needs capital desperately to expand his business. Pegeen Mike
Stapleford, the 40-year-old daughter of two actors he performed
with around the time she was born, pays Axler a visit at his
house. Pegeen has just moved nearby to work as a professor at a
Vermont women's college after ending a six-year relationship with
a woman who decided to undergo sex reassignment surgery to become
a man. Pegeen is distressed that her parents have learned about
the relationship she wanted kept secret. Pegeen's job was secured
after she slept with the school's "smitten" dean, Louise Renner.
Peggy (Love) is the owner of a lumber camp, and she falls for
Clayton, a man from the city (McDonald), who comes to the camp.
Peggy Martin (Parker), the daughter of a rich American
businessman (Eugene Pallette), persuades him to purchase a
Scottish castle from Donald Glourie (Robert Donat), dismantle it
and move it to Florida. Peggy Sue Bodell sets off for her 25-year
high school reunion in 1985 with her daughter, Beth, as company.
Peggy agrees to stay with Pete but tells him "no more cruises".
Peggy awakes in a hospital, with Charlie at her side. Peggy goes
to the abusive taxi dance hall owner she works for, Nelly Miller
(Don Rickles), to whom she is already in debt, for another loan
to give to Pete and agrees to prostitute herself with his patrons
to pay back her debts. Peggy goes, gets sprayed with seltzer
water at her first entrance, and is at first shocked and dismayed
to find she is doing slapstick comedy in low-budget "Comet"
productions, but she decides to "take it on the chin" and, with
Billy's loving support, becomes a success. Peggy grimly but
reluctantly tells him "I told you so". Peggy has just separated
from her high school sweetheart, now husband, Charlie, and is
wary of attending the reunion because of everyone questioning her
about his absence as they have been married since Peggy became
pregnant right after graduation. Peggy is named the queen and
walks on stage, but after they wheel out the reunion cake, she
faints. Peggy is then kidnapped by Charlie, leaving everyone at
the Lodge thinking that the ritual worked. Peggy makes friends
with Richard Norvik, the class geek (and future billionaire), to
figure out what is going on with her. Peggy sees how much he
loves her and how much she loves him, and they kiss. Peggy warns
him that people can't be trusted, but Pete is encouraged when a
band auditions him for a job. Peggy witnesses this
transformation, and realizes that 'Harold' was actually Danny,
one of her favorite students. Peggy's men, however, are too
tough. Pellet scoffs at the notion that Jack could ever defeat
him in a race, but accepts the challenge. Penelope checks out the
wound, realizes that it is fake blood, and leaves with a broken
heart. Penelope is thrilled with the idea of becoming a smuggler
and convinces the brothers to accept the job, unaware that this
is part of the con. Penelope reveals that she has been alone for
most of her life and has picked up an array of strange hobbies
such as juggling and kung fu. Penelope still wants to go ahead as
an antiques smuggler and steal the rare book that Melville told
her about. Penniless and in a mad rush to get out of town, the
two musicians take a job with Sweet Sue (Joan Shawlee) and her
Society Syncopators, an all-female band headed to Miami. Penny
and Dodge borrow a car of Speck's and eventually make it to
Olivia's family home. Penny and Dodge drive to Olivia's home,
where Dodge leaves a letter to Olivia and expresses his feelings
for Penny. Penny discovers a letter from Olivia to her parents,
which reveals Olivia's address. Penny persuades Mary that her
career is more important than whatever attraction she might have
felt for Steve and Steve's colleague persuades him that the
connection he had with Mary was just the result of pre-wedding
nerves. Penny, surprised at seeing this, comes over to Steve.
People Will Talk describes an episode in the life of dr Noah
Praetorius (Cary Grant), a physician who teaches in a medical
school and founded a clinic dedicated to treating patients
humanely and holistically. Pepi returns to the shop just in time
to prevent the distraught mr Matuschek from committing suicide.
Pepé Le Pew becomes saddened, pulls out a gun, walks out of sight
and fires the weapon, presumably killing himself. Pepé Le Pew
sees her and immediately mistakes her for a skunk. Pepé appears
beside her again and he receives one final mauling as the balloon
floats upwards into the sky ("If you have not tried it, do not
knock it. Pepé chases Penelope into the Louvre, with the ginger
cat following. Pepé emerges from a fishing boat, scaring the
boatman and sinking the boat. Pepé finds Penelope hiding in the
Air Conditioning machine and traps her in it with himself. Pepé
finds, embraces and kisses Penelope on a boat but Penelope makes
her escape in the sea with a diving mask and oxygen tank. Pepé
first tries to lure her out sweetly, then demands that she come
out of the cabinet. Pepé follows, wearing a mask and flippers but
no oxygen tank (being a skunk, he can hold his breath for a long
time). Pepé grabs for her, but she slips through his arms. Pepé
plays along the confrontation as a duel, miming a miss and a
defeat. Pepé pursues Penelope but slips on the sand and falls
down a sea cliff into the sea. Pepé spies Penelope on a beach.
Pepé then calls out: "Vive l'amour, we die together" and steps
off the window ledge. Pepé wonders where everyone has gone to and
immediately picks up on where Penelope went. Pepé's fumes spread
through the Louvre spoiling various works of art, the cartoon
ending with the fumes causing the Mona Lisa to talk ("I can tell
you chaps one thing. Pepé's stench ruins a couple of sculptures
(correcting one into the Venus de Milo) as well as thwarting the
ginger cat's ambush attempt and he terrifies Penelope in the
sculpture galley, even as he paints a picture of her ("Don't
move, darling. Perceiving this to have been some type of test,
Zack admits that during the sex scene they filmed together, they
were actually making love and that there was an emotional
connection between them, and that he loves Miri. Percival Snooper
(Kenneth Williams) becomes a client to find a wife for business
reasons: as a confirmed bachelor, he is inept at his job as a
marriage counsellor due to lack of personal experience.
Percival's association with Sophie provokes his jealous
housekeeper, dowdy Miss Dempsey (Patsy Rowlands), to reveal her
seductive side. Performing a variety of musical numbers
(Specialty: You are so fair, Imagine, My Funny Valentine, Light
on Our Feet, and Lady is a Tramp). Perhaps they would have
married in the end, if the old folks hadn't 'butted in. Perry
(Linus Roache) is an English chemist working for a paint company
and is depressed after losing his wife in a freak accident. Perry
shows Billy a magazine with an underwear ad featuring Gabriel and
suggests that Billy give him a call. Perry walks Rose home and
tries to convince her to invite him in; she refuses "because I'm
married. Perry warns him of the changes to come, saying R needs
to take control or be swept away. Pert is tardy to work as she
was up until 3 and must report to the personnel office where she
is surprised to find Peabody Jr. Pete Seltzer (Matthau) is
introduced to Tillie Schlaine (Burnett) at a party. Pete and the
children settle into the Stanleys' lavish gatehouse, where
Emmadel's parents are also staying. Pete encourages Gladys to
follow her dreams: "Where there's a will there's a way, and where
there's a way there is a will". Pete goes to visit him, but is
unsuccessful at giving him the news, and still agrees to give him
money. Pete is a confirmed bachelor with eccentric habits. Pete
is furious that the Beagle Boys failed in their task and realizes
that the three protagonists are more of a threat than he
originally anticipated. Pete lands a 30-day job as an "alto man"
on a cruise ship but has no instruments. Pete meets Jack and
tells him how wrong he is, as Lanie got the job which Jack
foretold she would not get. Pete owns his own record label, with
his friends Ronnie (Chris O'Dowd) and Cat (Lena Dunham) working
with him. Pete receives the news of the death of the baseball
player as foretold by Jack, and tries to call Lanie to warn her.
Pete reveals his plan to Winnifred Stanley. Pete shows up at
precisely the wrong moment, handcuffed to a policeman, with both
crying kids in tow. Pete then gets into an argument with the
driver of the car who then punches him in the stomach. Pete tries
everything to win Emmadel back. Pete tries to go after him by
foolishly going through the guillotine's hole with the blade
still coming down and winds up chopping off his peg leg. Pete
tries to shield the boy by keeping him in what Tillie calls "a
world of nonsense," but the inevitable death destroys Tillie's
religious faith and ruptures their marriage. Pete tries to stop
Rosalee seeing Tad by reporting the pair for parking at the
infamous Water Gap, convincing her that Tad is just using her,
and directly competing with Tad in farmyard chores; despite all
his efforts, Rosalee and Tad grow close over the next few days.
Pete tries to warn Lanie across the street, but she is shot in
the crossfire. Pete walks in on them and storms off. Pete writes
Peggy daily while on the cruise. Pete's affairs, however,
apparently continue, Tillie even needing to discourage one of his
young lovers at lunch. Pete's business is struggling financially
as he promotes the reunion of Graham Parker & The Rumour. Pete,
Emmadel, Bobby, Suzi, Ma and Pa Jones all ride off for their
honeymoon together. Pete, zombified, bites Ed, but Shaun shoots
Pete and sets fire to the bar. Peter (George Arthur) a chivalrous
idealist seeks to win the heart of Amy (Gertrude Olmstead), in
turn fancies urbane Harry (Tony D'Algy). Peter Butterworth
appears in a 1-minute cameo as a Bluebeard-esque character
jokingly referred to as dr Crippen. Peter Darby is an electrician
sent on a call to the home of wealthy Jimmy Farnsworth. Peter
Donay (Philip Dorn) is the not-so-happy owner of the Café Donay,
which is a fancy roadside establishment somewhere between Reno
and Lake Tahoe in Nevada. Peter Kavinsky, one of the boy's Lara
Jean wrote a letter to, approaches her one-day during gym class
to tell her he doesn't have an STD. Peter Klaven (Paul Rudd), a
Los Angeles real estate agent, proposes to his girlfriend Zooey
Rice (Rashida Jones), and she accepts. Peter Quince and his
fellow players Nick Bottom, Francis Flute, Robin Starveling, Tom
Snout, and Snug plan to put on a play for the wedding of the Duke
and the Queen, "the most lamentable comedy and most cruel death
of Pyramus and Thisbe". Peter and Zooey declare their love to
each other, Sydney assumes the role of best man, and the wedding
commences. Peter and his fiance then decide that they do not want
to marry each other and they call off the wedding (much to her
father's chagrin) while Christina returns home and back to a
newly unfulfilled life of being single again. Peter bails them
out and the couple angrily decide to go home to Los Angeles,
returning to the opening moments of the film. Peter begins
spending time with Rachel and starts to develop feelings for her.
Peter bursts in to ask Sarah to run away with him to Seattle,
leading to a fight that lands Tom and Sarah in jail &ndash; still
without consummating their marriage. Peter chases her into a
train station, where she hides in the ladies room. Peter
confesses that he and Sally are in love and going to get married.
Peter decides to go along with the lie as he has just broken up
with his long-term off and on again girlfriend Genevieve and
wants a clean break. Peter declares his love for her, and
literally smokes her out with burning newspapers. Peter feels bad
about fighting with Sydney but does not re-invite him to the
wedding. Peter feels overshadowed by Catcher's strong
personality, and Vikki wants to see emotional commitment in her
lover. Peter forces Jimmy to admit in front of everyone what had
really gone on, then leaves. Peter goes to Sarah's room to
console her where she admits she still loves him and tries to
rekindle their romance. Peter helps her escape notoriety. Peter
immediately goes to Rachel to confess what happened, but she is
hurt and demands that he leave and never contact her again. Peter
introduces Sydney to Zooey at their engagement party, but the
meeting takes an unfortunate turn when a nervous Sydney makes a
very awkward toast. Peter is also depressed as his relationship
with Vikki is now apparently based only on sex. Peter joins the
cruise and, as part of his job, becomes acquainted with Georgia.
Peter leaves for work the next morning only to discover that
Sydney has used the $8,000 loan to purchase several ridiculous
billboard advertisements promoting Peter's real estate business
(using pictures of Peter he took of him on his iPhone). Peter
mentions Francey to his father twice, but on both occasions, mr
Morgan interrupts and ignores his son, and when Peter becomes
insistent, his apparently ailing mother (Bondi) has a flare-up of
her heart condition, making any further conversation impossible.
Peter passes out before he can reach the train, which departs
with both Francey and mrs Morgan aboard, but mr Morgan, having
finally yielded to the combined pressure of his son and wife,
stops the train by driving ahead of it with Peter and parking the
car on the track. Peter realizes he is indeed like any other man
and takes Vikki to Catcher's apartment to take things to the next
level. Peter realizes he loves Tammy, finds Tammy's grandfather,
and returns to the houseboat, where he kisses her. Peter refuses
at first, but eventually he gives in and gives her the money.
Peter returns to the party informing the crew that he lost all
the money. Peter says nothing at the prom, but blurts the news to
his father just as mr Morgan is about to give an important
speech, resulting in another argument and another flare-up of mrs
Morgan's heart condition. Peter seems to not have any close
friends to share the good news with, only family and mainly
female acquaintances. Peter soon becomes caught up in the various
intrigues of the "theater people", including the charming but
mercurial Michael Degan, the beautiful leading lady Grace
Hargrove, and a cast of other eccentric players. Peter tells
Zooey that he lent Sydney money and asks her if she knows why
they are getting married, since he had no answer to Sydney's
question. Peter tells her that he has also missed her too. Peter
then awkwardly accepts the prize that comes with the award: a
date with Kevin. Peter then patches things up with Zooey,
explaining to her that while he is nervous, he is ready to get
married. Peter turns down the offer. Peter turns to his gay
younger brother, Robbie (Andy Samberg), for advice on dealing
with men. Peter's father has recently died, and Peter plans to
sell the house after this last party. Peter's friends are Andrew
(Branagh), now a writer in Hollywood; married jingle writers
Roger (Laurie) and Mary (Staunton); glamorous costume designer
Sarah (Emmanuel); and eccentric Maggie (Thompson), who works in
publishing. Peter's love interest drops by Brentwood Hall.
Peter's solution is to threaten the family with disgrace by
getting drunk and otherwise misbehaving until his father relents,
even if it costs him his job. Peter, thinking that she likes him,
rejects her and in defense, she explains what happened. Peter, to
get even, announces that Roogle is alive and on his way. Peter,
who has never been in a relationship, spends too much time in his
dreams and as a result cannot fall in love with a real person.
Peter’s wife, Delilah (Mary Astor), knows about her husband's
love affair, and is determined to get rid of Sally by tricking
her into believing that there is no money to be had from Peter by
telling Sally about the gambling and lying about the business
being poor. Petey asks for a week's continuance before
sentencing, then uses the time to court Martha, having discovered
her to be the daughter of the judge. Petey keeps getting into
trouble, too, including an arrest. Petey pulls pranks on campus,
going so far as to change a professor's clocks to delay an exam.
Petroff calls a press conference at which he announces their
union, and the happy couple signs their marriage license. Petty
thief Frank O'Brien steals a $4 million masterpiece painting.
Peyton finds them and returns them to the two new friends.
Peyton, Sharpay's parents, and the world watch as Sharpay finally
takes the stage in her Broadway debut ("The Rest Of My Life").
Phelps agrees and fires first; his gun is the unloaded one.
Phelps eventually coaxes her into removing her veil, and is
entranced by her beauty. Phil Blackwood (Selleck) is an American
mystery novelist who comes across a dazzling Romanian murder
suspect named Nina (Porizkova) when she is arraigned in the
courtroom he is visiting. Phil Newman (Phil Silvers), lt Justin
Young (Peter Lawford), and Sgt. Phil and Claire Foster (Steve
Carell and Tina Fey) are a married couple from New Jersey with
two children, Ollie and Charlotte, and whose domestic life has
become boring and routine. Phil and Claire crash the Audi head-on
into a Ford Crown Victoria taxicab, resulting in their Audi and
the Ford being attached at the bumpers. Phil and Claire explain
that they are not the Tripplehorns, but the men threaten them at
gunpoint. Phil and Claire go to an illegal strip club that
Crenshaw frequents, with Claire under the guise of a new
prostitute and Phil as her pimp. Phil and the cab driver (J. Phil
asks Claire to count to three (her typical method of calming
their children). Phil checks the flash drive on the driver's
Amazon Kindle and finds pictures of district attorney Frank
Crenshaw (William Fichtner) with prostitutes (early in the film,
a press conference shows Crenshaw highlighting his integrity
platform). Phil climbs into the Ford to navigate while Claire
navigates the Audi. Phil insists on knowing who she had an affair
with. Phil is a tax lawyer while Claire is a realtor. Phil is
over the moon but Justine feels uneasy since she doesn't know the
father is Holden or Phil. Phil takes a reservation from a no-show
couple, the Tripplehorns, despite Claire's misgivings. Phil then
questions aloud if this means Justine isn't pregnant. Phileine
and Gulpje get the attention of two men and they invite them to
their table. Phileine doesn’t accept this and gets the audience
on her side in the argument. Phileine goes to meet LT, the
boyfriend of Joanna the terrible, on his boat on the water.
Phileine goes to the living room and meets Gulpje, soon they
decide to be best friends and have lunch. Phileine is astonished
but remains still in her seat until the end. Phileine spends that
night with the friends of Max. Philip and Grace go out for
dinner, where they reveal to each other that they are seeing
someone else. Philip and Grace show up at the party, and they
both discover that they have been seeing the same woman. Philip
convinces a reluctant Jeff to go along. Philip makes peace with
Shaun, dies from his bites, and reanimates as a zombie. Philip
proposes a romantic affair, while Cathy is holding out for
marriage. Philip tells her she cannot "divorce" a man to whom she
is not even married. Philip wines and dines Cathy. Philip's
conscience weighs on him, so he withdraws an invitation to
Bermuda, which only serves to make Cathy agree to go. Phillip
finds out via a videotape explanation left by Gloria/Marsha that
she's getting married in a week and that he was supposed to be
her last fling. Phillip had a heart attack, and at the hospital,
Rita finds out that Evan lied to her. Phillip is later told that
Steven has died. Phillip later approaches Vivian, suggesting they
do business once her work with Edward is finished. Phillip offers
to put the Justice Department on the case and promises to clear
up the matter in two days. Phillip then tries to find her.
Phillip, furious at losing so much money, goes to the hotel to
confront Edward, but finds only Vivian. Phoebe (Nadia Litz) is a
perky type-A university student who has difficulty relating to
her fellow students. Phoebe hears rumors that cabaret torch
singer Erika von Schlütow (Marlene Dietrich), suspected of being
the former mistress of either Hermann Göring or Joseph Goebbels,
is being protected by an unidentified American officer. Phoebe,
grateful for Erika's intercession on her behalf, goes with her to
her apartment, where Erika confesses that John is her lover just
before he arrives. Pickering and Higgins are discussing vowels at
Higgins's home when mrs Pearce, the housekeeper, informs Higgins
that a young woman with a ghastly accent has come to see him.
Pickering proposes marriage, and under pressure from her mother,
Joan accepts. Pickering wagers that Higgins cannot make good on
his claim and volunteers to pay for Eliza's lessons. Pickering,
becoming annoyed with Higgins, leaves to stay with his friend at
the Home Office. Picking up Crawl attempting to hitchhike, they
return to the house and confront Travis and Theo while the
Warners are sitting down to Thanksgiving dinner. Picking up
hitchhiker Perry Denklin (Lynn), also looking for fame and
fortune in New York, he shares with her encounters with various
eccentric characters. Pido (Rene Requiestas) and Dida (Kris
Aquino) grew up together in an orphanage believing they are
siblings. Piermont insists his Pomeranian will win, but Tommy
champions his other entry, a st Bernard. Piermont introduces him
to model June Evans (Maureen O'Sullivan), but neglects to mention
neither one is a guest. Pierre Mirande (Maurice Chevalier), is a
Venetian tour guide from a poor French family who falls in love
with Barbara Billings (Claudette Colbert), a wealthy American
tourist whose father (George Barbier). Pierre asks Camille and
Ugo to dinner at his flat with his lover Sonia, which proves a
disaster as the nervous Camille drinks too much and the jealous
Ugo mocks Pierre. Pierre gives Danielle the key to her shackles.
Piggy's gang abducts Audrey as they mistakenly thought that she
is Top's girlfriend in order to lure him at their hideout, but
Top overpowers Piggy's gang and saves Audrey. Pike finally gets
fed up and jumps off the train. Pike had shared a "promised
dinner together“ with him one night where he fascinated Henry by
his knowledge of stars and mystical stories. Pike is a woman-shy
snake expert Ophidiologist, just returning from a year-long
expedition up the Amazon. Pike is the town‘s general-store owner,
and the Widow Thayer is center of gossip and society in Big Eden.
Pike refuses, and through his father Jean learns that he's
departing on another ocean voyage. Pike, who wants to "have
things nice for Henry", has obviously fallen in love with him
too. Pilgrim 1 loses power and begins to spin out of control.
Pilot Mike Edwards finds himself in a dilemma, his partner and
friend Danny, gambles away the money Mike had set aside to pay
their debts. Pilot Steve Collins (James Cagney) agrees to help
bandleader Alan Brice (Jack Carson) and heiress Joan Winfield
(Bette Davis) elope. Pimm "accidentally" meets Milly's uncle and
guardian, dr Christian Gump (Telly Savalas, cast against type as
a cultured gourmet) and invites him to a dinner prepared by his
personal, world-renowned chef, Maurice Zoltan (André Luguet).
Pimm and his assistant Janine (Ulla Jacobsson) begin grooming the
penniless Grand Duke Gaspard Ducluzeau (Ricardo Montalban) for
Milly, hiring Julian Soames (John Wood) to teach him manners and
English. Pinocchio, Hansel and Gretel, Snow White. Piper also
immediately hits it off with Noah, and she learns that Julia's
mother is not in their lives anymore, though Noah is vague about
the circumstances. Piper and Noah have another talk, and he
forgives her for lying and asks her if she still wants to be a
part of the family. Piper goes out on a date with Noah, and she
prepares to tell him the truth about herself, but he first wants
to share something: the reason he has been reluctant to talk
about Julia's mother is that she lives on the east coast and
severely abused Julia, leading to divorce and a court order that
the mother is not allowed to contact Julia until her 18th
birthday. Piper, Tish and Jen go on their trip to meet up with
Fuzzy22, but after they finally arrive at the meeting point, Jen
sees that Fuzzy22 is an extremely handsome young man. Pippa
Sarkissian (Blake Lively) was the youngest child and only girl in
her large Christian family. Pitka encourages the rival team to
beat Darren up during a game, thus distracting him from his
emotional distress over Prudence and Le Cocq. Pitka gets in a
huge fight with Le Cocq's guard rooster in order to deliver the
note. Pitka gets two elephants to have sex in the middle of the
rink, in front of millions of TV audience, which distracts Le
Cocq and helps Darren wake up from his stupor and score the
winning goal. Pitka has a gorgeous palace with a beautiful female
staff, helicopter, elephants, and a servant, Rajneesh, who
squeezes fresh orange juice out of a tree for Pitka and has an
ostrich lay his morning egg for him. Pitka has an acronym, DRAMA,
tattoed on his hand. Pitka helps Darren realise that since his
mother only showed him love when he succeeded he had grown to
believe others like Prudence would only love him as long as he
won. Pitka says he wants to become a Guru so that girls will love
him, so Tugginmypudha puts a chastity belt on him until he can
learn that loving himself is more important than being loved by
others. Pitka's agent, Dick Pants, is thrilled and says that if
Pitka patches up the marriage, Oprah will have him on her show.
Pitka's dream is to become the number #1 Guru and to get on The
Oprah Winfrey Show. Planning to propose if the date works out,
Kralik requests a raise from mr Matuschek, who has not been in a
good mood for months. Planning to watch with the crowd, Viola
overhears that the boy playing Juliet cannot perform, and offers
to replace him. Plato Cassin (Clinton Sundberg) finds out about
the children's parents and blackmails Johnny into agreeing to
marry one of his older, spinster sisters, Genevieve (Peggy
Converse) or Adelaide (Lillian Bronson), in order to keep the
kids. Play (Christopher "Play" Martin) is dipping his fingers
into the music business and attempting to manage a roughneck
female rap act called Sex as a Weapon (TLC). Play books the
ladies for a concert with heavy-hitting promoter Showboat
(Michael Colyar), but when they decide to fire Play and hire a
new manager, he has to figure out how to deliver them to the show
or face the wrath of Showboat's female security force. Play gives
Kid's college scholarship check to a con artist Sheila Landreaux
posing as a record executive. Play tells the dean where Kid's
check went to the con artists, Rick and Sheila are arrested and
Miles is arrested and fired from his job. Playboy Bill Norman
(Allan Lane) wants to go on a six-month expedition to study
tropical fish, but his wealthy businessman father (George Irving)
wants him to buckle down and go to work. Playfair (Arthur
Shields), who once upon a time had been the lightweight champion
and so understands Thornton's internal conflict over the fight.
Playing a dying Union soldier, Don has one line ("I love you".
Playwright James Lapine incorporated this motif into the
Cinderella plotline of the musical Into the Woods. Pleased, mrs
Seth agrees to sanction Twinky's wedding. Plot. Plot. Plot:
Aschenputtel's relationship with her father in this version is
ambiguous; Perrault's version states that the absent father is
dominated by his second wife, explaining why he does not prevent
the abuse of his daughter. Plot:  The first moral of the story is
that beauty is a treasure, but graciousness is priceless. Plot:
One of the most popular versions of Cinderella was written in
French by Charles Perrault in 1697, under the name Cendrillon.
Plus the sex between her and Taylor is surprisingly disappointing
so far. Pochenko realizes that he has spent many months depressed
and discontent after Joy's leaving, and decides that it is time
to change his ways. Pochenko, made aware of this fact by Ira,
confronts Leonid and strips him of his duties. Pockets explains
that a few years earlier, Sean was engaged to a woman who came to
the compound, hated Sean's life there, and abruptly left him.
Pockets spends several days privately tinkering in the compound
workshop. Poe, a music promoter, has a hunch something is amiss.
Poe, meanwhile, continues to see his mistress, LaVerne Baker
(Tina Louise). Poli Truper (Candela Vetrano) is a 16-year-old
girl. Poli has the misfortune of losing control of her powers
whenever she gets nervous or gives vent to her feelings, which
gets her in trouble constantly, especially at school. Poli knows
the possibilities that her powers could give her, but fails to
dominate them. Police Captain Burke finally sorts things out and
lets Larry and Diane go. Police Inspector Corrigan (James
Gleason) names Brad as the main suspect in the second death.
Police Sergeant Steve Burke (Warren Hymer) captures Dan when he
leaves (though out of sight of Joan) and escorts his prisoner
aboard an ocean liner crossing the Pacific to San Francisco.
Police forcefully break up their protest using batons; in the
process, Rathod's mother (Waheeda Rehman) is severely injured and
slips into a coma. Police lights are visible from the kitchen and
Cécile goes to the door, but it is Police Inspector Pascal Manise
who arrives to drop his wife Agnès. Polly Parish (Reynolds) works
in the Millinery Department, and she is summoned to the office of
the store manager where she is fired. Polly Parrish (Ginger
Rogers) is a salesgirl at the department store John Merlin and
Son in New York City. Polly and Andy make up. Polly and her date
from the dance come over to the Hardy home, and Polly’s date
turns out to be her cousin. Polly comes to Horace's defense,
telling Eric that he is a helpful soul who was unfortunate and
had to sell the building to manage. Polly explains that she has
just lost her job atB Merlin & Son's and insists there is no way
that she will care for a baby that is not hers. Polly gets quite
jealous of Kathryn when she discovers that Andy's bought
stockings for Kathryn to wear at graduation. Polly goes to New
York to join the Ziegfeld Follies, but is ultimately replaced by
Alysia. Polly has not noticed the sign that indicates the door
belongs to an orphanage. Polly is not convinced she should stay
with him, so Reuben eats food off the ground to prove he is
capable of taking risks. Polly joins Reuben on a sailing trip
where he is to inspect Leland Van Lew (Bryan Brown), a high-risk
client, but she is offended when she sees his risk analysis of
her. Polly panics at the thought of losing John. Pom-pom tits.
Pong (Coco Martin) is an executive assistant in an airline
company where Georgina Lorenzana (Toni Gonzaga) works as an
assistant vice president for marketing affairs. Pop Wonder owns
the circus, but his continued gambling losses in crap games
leaves him (and the circus) with an ever-growing number of IOUs.
Popular American comedian Bob Hunter (Bob Hope), star of stage,
movies and television, boards the luxury liner SS Île de France
to travel to France, only to find his French counterpart,
Fernydel (Fernandel) is on the ship as well. Popular Democratic
President Andrew Shepherd is preparing to run for re-election.
Porter runs out in tears. Portrait painter and caricaturist David
Grant (Ronald Colman), newly arrived in Greenwich Village, wishes
Jean Newton (Ginger Rogers) good luck on a whim as they pass on
the sidewalk. Posing as a chauffeur, he applies to be the driver
of Molly's first taxi. Post-credits, Dave is telling Hater about
a party that evening, but Hater no longer wants to associate with
Dave, citing Jack as being "the glue" that held the two of them
together as friends. Potter hides the money, knowing its loss
will cause severe financial problems for the Building and Loan.
Potter wishes to dissolve the Building and Loan to take over its
business. Potter, frustrated at losing control of the housing
market, attempts to lure George into becoming his assistant;
George is momentarily tempted, but rejects the offer. Powell
offers to take her away and get married. PowerfulS. Praetorius
and Shunderson drive out to where Deborah and her father Arthur
live, a farm owned by Arthur's brother, John. Praetorius kept
Shunderson's survival a secret, and Shunderson became
Praetorius's devoted friend. Praetorius refuses to answer
questions about Shunderson, but Shunderson explains that he
served 15 years in prison for the alleged death of a man who had
tried to murder him, then somehow survived being hanged after
actually murdering the man, who had gone into hiding during the
first trial. Prayers for him reach Heaven, where Clarence Odbody,
Angel 2nd Class, is assigned to save George in order to earn his
angel wings. Prepare to die". Preparing himself for college life,
Andy Hardy (Mickey Rooney) promises himself to put an end to his
flirting ways and attempts to organize his finances by selling
his old car. President (Billy Bob Thornton), they run into
Natalie and the president makes some inappropriate comments to
David about Natalie's body. President Franklin Roosevelt invites
Maria and Eddie to stay at the White House. President, who was to
be implanted. President, you have bigger problems than losing
me—you've just lost my vote". Preston Meyers (Ethan Embry) who
was labeled as a geek and an outsider, plans to proclaim his love
to his four-year secret crush Amanda Beckett (Jennifer Love
Hewitt). Preston confesses he wrote it and is about to depart for
a writing workshop with Kurt Vonnegut. Preston finds Amanda and
confesses his love, but she assumes he is another pervert and
rejects him in front of the entire class. Preston has put Brice
in charge, fearing that Frank is having a mental breakdown.
Preston's antisocial best friend Denise Fleming (Lauren Ambrose)
has no intention of going to the party but is dragged along by
Preston. Presuming that her aunt was a lesbian, Georgina was
never surprised that her aunt had no children, however her mother
informs her that she was simply unable to have children; she was
too late. Pretending to be Pamela, Susan calls one of Pamela's
Washington,C. Pretending to have a pastry delivery for her by the
studio, Andy goes to Kandi, buying Kit time to break into the
room, where she is shocked to unearth the fact that Kandi is in
fact Brenda Smirkle, an average girl who is using Kandi's
identity to make money and is anything but British. Previously,
Stifler, unaware of Cadence's presence, had revealed his true
rude and obnoxious personality. Previously, due to Robbins’
hypnosis, Hal saw Cadence as a perfect little girl; he now sees
that there are severe burns all over Cadence’s face. Pride and
Prejudice and Zombies takes place in 19th century England where a
zombie virus has spread across the country. Pride decides to
solve her patients' problems after finding out that most of them
are merely despondent after having relationships go bad. Pride
eventually agrees to go on a date with Alan after he signs a
'known' artist and ends up sleeping with him after 'one too many'
drinks. Pride finds out Alan is cheating on her when she walks
into his office and sees him kissing Ina. Pride tells him
explicitly that she is a 'dangerous woman when in love' pleading
with him not to hurt her. Priestly attacks Tadd and is injured.
Priestly reveals that when Jen forgot to log off the computer one
night, he talked to Fuzzy22 and told him the situation and how to
meet Jen. Prince Naveen of Maldonia arrives in New Orleans to
better his financial situation. Prince Nicholaus of Aregon is in
town, trying to arrange financing for his country. Princess
Charming of the Grand Duchy of Morovia (Anna Maria Alberghetti)
is in town, so the stepmother decides to throw her a lavish ball
in order to get her to marry one of the sons. Princess Shalmar
refuses to marry Jeff, even though Orville is eager to get out of
the marriage. Prior to Christmas, Chris's employer, company CEO
KC (Stephen Root), asks Chris to accompany an emerging self-
obsessed pop singer named Samantha James (Anna Faris) to Paris to
ensure she signs with their label, an order to which Chris
reluctantly complies. Prior to leaving for Haiti, two sisters and
their godfather/legal advisor are having a holiday in New
Orleans. Prior to the grand opening of the zoo, the facility
passes a very stringent inspection from Ferris, who grudgingly
wishes them good luck. Prior to this event, Georgia had gone to
the clinic to see how many eggs she had left; her best friend
Clem goes with her and receives the call that the two of them are
to return. Prison warden dr Fazetti (Leander Haußmann) is
confident about having found a striking new concept for the
rehabilitation of prisoners by offering them the chance to take a
break from their sentence if only they can find a trustworthy
woman who takes care of them and vouches for them. Private
investigator Gus Petch (Cedric the Entertainer) tails the wealthy
and married Rex Rexroth (Edward Herrmann) on a drunken night out
with a blonde. Priya Sethi (Shriya Saran) indulges her
infatuation with American culture by working nights (while
Americans are at work, on the other side of the world) at the
Citi One Bank Card call center in Mumbai, India. Priya and
Granger have an instant connection over the phone. Priya and
Granger's relationship blossoms as they share a wonderfully
romantic date the following day. Priya goes to Granger's hotel to
fight for their love but is shattered when she finds his previous
girlfriend Emory in the hotel room with him. Priya has thrown
herself back into her work, accepting a promotion to help her
coworkers become as effective as she is channeling American
attitudes and accent. Priya, posing as Jennifer David, happens to
call the handsome and charming Granger Woodruff (Jesse Metcalfe)
to help him with the fraudulent charges on his credit card.
Problems begin almost immediately for Andy as he learns his
father forgot to give him his train ticket. Problems gradually
begin to develop between the couple due to the course. Prodded by
his understanding, Shakespeare-quoting grandmother (Dina Pathak),
Rahul goes after Sue and professes his true opinion of her, and
proposes marriage to her as well. Professional assassin Martin
Blank finds himself depressed and bored with his work. Professor
Bedlam (Eddie Izzard), Jenny's former friend, and now G-Girl's
nemesis, contacts Matt in order to enlist his aid in defeating
her. Professor Bedlam appears, but reveals that he has no
intention of keeping his promise to retire from villainy and in
fact plans to take the powers for himself. Professor Jerry
Hathaway meets high school student Mitch Taylor at the school's
science fair. Professor Julius Kelp is a nerdy, scruffy, buck-
toothed, accident-prone, socially awkward university professor
whose experiments in the classroom laboratory are unsuccessful
and highly destructive. Professor Oliver Dana (Robert Benchley)
is the head of the household. Profoundly despondent since the
death of his wife, Jessup obsesses over the US Army and its Air
Force overshadowing the Navy in the forthcoming D-Day invasion.
Prom is the same night as the wedding. Promising not to tell,
Elsie then meets the Dowager Queen (Sybil Thorndike), the
Prince's mother-in-law, who decides Elsie should join them for
the coronation in place of her sick lady-in-waiting. Promoter Ed
Hatch comes to the Ozarks with his slow-witted wrestler  Joe
Skopapoulos whom he pits against a hillbilly Amazon blacksmith,
Sadie Horn. Proposing to take Doe national via the radio,
Mitchell is given $100 a week by the newspaper's publisher,
Norton (Edward Arnold), to write radio speeches for Willoughby.
Prospective submissive slaves, paid at the end of their term at
Eden (which varies from six months to two years), are presented
at auctions by the most respected Trainers from across the world.
Provoked by this, the potential fathers talk to Gia and insist
that she cannot run off. Prudence cheers Don up with her fresh
perspective on the beauty of the Roman square, and they go
sightseeing around Rome in horse-drawn carriages and his Vespa
scooter. Prudence finds the letter that Liz wrote to Gerald about
her decision, and Gerald finds Hewitt's Thenol prescription for
Prudence. Prudence lands a job at The American Book Shop near one
of Rome's famous fountains,working for Constance Ford and her
sheepdog. Prudence quickly excuses herself, telling Albert and
his mother that she must leave, and fleeing with Don out of the
market then and on a night train to Rome. Prudence shows up,
having seen how far Johnny is willing to go for the children, and
suggests he marry her instead. Prudence wins, and Professor Ford
leaves town alone. Prudence, Grace, and Ted manage to acquire
supplies of pills, Grace through a prescription written by
Hewitt, and Ted from the local chemist, or pharmacist, who
happens to be a friend of his. Psychiatrist Jack Mickler (Marlon
Brando) dissuades a would-be suicide—a 21-year-old man who is
costumed like Zorro and claims to be Don Juan (Johnny Depp), who
is then held for a ten-day review in a mental institution.
Publicly humiliated and emotionally devastated, Adam confronts
Evelyn in the gallery (no one showed up to the Q&A afterwards),
demanding an explanation for her actions. Puck distracts Lysander
and Demetrius from fighting over Helena's love by mimicking their
voices and leading them apart. Puffin and Odette, in her swan
form, fly together to find Derek. Puffy testifies that Marylin
asked him to find her a marriage target who was very rich,
foolish, and a philanderer whom she could easily divorce, and
that he pointed her to Rex. Pulling out a gun, Summers admits his
motive was revenge against his unfaithful wife and Martel. Pulp
and Daddy organize a series of contests, and Delilah competes
against "Mike" with the encouragement of "Herbert" in various
events, and loses each time. Purdy meets Kelp backstage, and
confesses that she prefers Kelp over Buddy Love. Pursued by an
apologetic Cady, Regina storms out and gets hit by a school bus,
breaking her spine. Pushed by his agent Al Hack (Mark Rydell),
Val agrees to the project, but a psychosomatic ailment strikes
him blind just before production is to begin. Pushed further
with, "What kind of nothing. Puzzled, Pete looks up and sees the
plane has skywritten the message, "PETE CALL GLADYS PLEASE".
Pınar is a successful but headstrong woman who works in an
insurance company. Pınar returns to good health and then she and
Uğur get married in the end. Pınar who is asthmatic, becomes very
sick and is taken to hospital. Pınar's boss, Burçaslan who is
obsessed with her, tries to threaten and then bribe Uğur to leave
the city for a sum of money, but he refuses. Pınar's parents
inform Uğur about her condition and he rushes to the hospital. Q
and Shelby are shown in bed, with Q suggesting, before rolling
out of bed, they may have a love connection. Q is now a
successful brand manager and heavily connected to prominent
celebrities. Q reveals to both that he is getting married and
wants Harper to be his best man, but not before telling Harper
that he better not have had sex with his soon-to-be bride. Qi-
sheng Liu (played by Shao-hua Long) tells his granddaughter Xiao-
jie (played by Yi-jie Li) ”I was the most famous screenwriter at
that time. Qi-sheng was attracted by her charm, but a movie star
named Yue-feng Jin (played Tian-xin) wanted Qi-sheng for herself.
Qiushui served as an army doctor during the Korean War, where he
met Wang Jindi, a nurse from Shanghai who fell in love with him
instantly. Qualifying to play in the illustrious Rose Bowl
football game on New Year's Day, a Midwestern college's
quarterback, Steve Davis, isn't as happy as he should be because
playing football doesn't excite him, but his teammate Bronc
Buttram is thrilled. Queen Clarisse encourages Mia to follow her
heart, something she has never done and has now cost her Joe, the
only man she truly loved. Queen Clarisse finally tells Mia that
her behavior with Nicholas needs to stop. Queen Clarisse provides
an ancestral wooden leg decoy to make it look like she's riding
sidesaddle. Queen Elizabeth I declares that she will judge the
matter when the occasion arises. Queen Latifah and Terrence
Howard play omniscient roles in the movie. Queen Marie strips
Rodmilla of her title and threatens to exile her and Marguerite
to the Americas if no one speaks for them. Quentin accepts, and
after the plan is implemented, Margo and Quentin return to their
homes around dawn. Quentin and his friends Ben and Radar then
finds a series of clues that Margo has left him, such as a
picture of Woody Guthrie on Margo's bedroom window shade, Margo's
highlighted copy of Walt Whitman's poem "Song of Myself", and a
written address in Quentin's bedroom doorjamb. Quentin and his
friends use these clues and find an abandoned mini-mall in
Christmas, Florida, that contains evidence of her recent
presence. Quentin realizes the image he had of her was as fake as
the one that she had been emitting to everyone else, and becomes
furious at her for wasting his time. Quentin struggles to analyze
all of Margo's clues and is unsure whether it confirms her
suicide or validates his hypothesis that Margo was unsatisfied
with her fake life. Quentin wants to stay with her, but
understands his home life and responsibilities prevents him from
doing so. Quentin, Radar, Ben, and Lacey skip graduation and
drive to New York to search for her, with a plan to drive to
Agloe before noon on May 29th. Questioned by hostile Senator
Burdick (Roland Winters) about another girl in the story, Goodwin
reveals she was not a grown woman but a 7-year-old orphan.
Questioning how he was able to afford it, Andie tells him that
she knows he has been lying about going to a full-time job.
Quickly returning to the hotel, Stifler hears someone in the
supply closet and steps inside, unaware that Cadence was
interrupted by wedding preparations and that the ushers placed
Jim's grandmother in that closet to sustain her hostility about
the wedding; Stifler only realizes this upon walk-in by Finch and
the ushers. Quickly, Thea grabs a balloon and leaves. Quince ends
the meeting with "at the Duke's oak we meet". Quince reads the
names of characters and bestows them to the players. Quincy
Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée
Helen during their engagement party. Quincy and Nicky end up
sitting next to each other at the bar where Nicky was supposed to
meet Evan. Quincy breaks up with Helen and goes to look for
Nicky. Quincy tells her that he's looking for his cousin's ex-
girlfriend Nicky who has long black hair. Quinn (Simon Helberg)
and Devon (Melanie Lynskey) are a couple since highschool. Quinn
goes to Kelsey's, they kiss and she gives him a handjob which
ends too soon and they go to sleep. Quinn surprises her at her
grandparents, but to his surprise Guillaume is also there. Quinn
tells Devon he wants to take a step back in the relationship, she
understands it's about Kelsey, storms out and stays at her
parents. Quinn works in a flower shop with Kelsey (Maggie Grace)
and Devon teaches in local university. Quint (Jeremy London) is
preparing for a trip to Universal Studios in Florida with Brandi
Svenning (Claire Forlani), during which he plans to propose to
her; however, Brandi tells him she cannot go because she has
volunteered to fill in as a contestant on Truth or Date, her
father's dating game show. Quintain had discovered Cheri and made
her a star, falling in love with her in the process, but she
sides with Koslofski. Quite content with being the Romeo of the
slums, Ah Loong's life takes a sudden turn one day when a Malay
schoolgirl, Orked, arrives at his stall while looking for films
starring her favourite actor Takeshi Kaneshiro. Quitting
Broadway, the sisters decided to travel to Paris to become famous
and find true love. Quitting his job, he begins the long drive. R
also meets Nora, Julie’s best friend. R and Julie flee back to
the stadium in the hopes that the Living will kill them off, but
the Boneys quickly gather in huge numbers, more than any have
ever seen. R begins walking back to the airport in a heavy
rainstorm, and feels cold for the first time since he “died”. R
complies, and the memory plays through. R decides to go after
Julie, and recruits the other zombies’ help to get inside the
stadium. R is portrayed as unusual, since he not only contains
more empathy and intuition than his fellow Dead, but is also able
to express it better than most of them despite being Dead. R
reveals through first person narrative that human civilization
has been destroyed by wars and disasters, resulting in a
mysterious zombie plague. R runs back to Julie, and finally tells
her that he killed Perry. R sees Julie on her balcony, and they
reunite. Rabbi Jacob "Jake" Schram (Ben Stiller), best friends
with Brian since childhood, is the youngest rabbi at his
Conservative synagogue; his lack of effort to find a Jewish wife
often results in his mother, Ruth (Anne Bancroft) and other women
of his congregation setting him up on blind dates, much to his
dismay. Rachel accuses Nasser of having invited Tania on purpose
to have her insulted, and storms off despite his protests. Rachel
checks out her university's website that ranks the "hottest" in
the school several times a day, and is always number one on the
list. Rachel gets extremely jealous of her because of this.
Rachel leaves him in order to explore her own sexuality. Rachel
sees and hears him with the bound Julia and impulsively runs from
the apartment. Radley and her sisters Heather (Sarah Paulson) and
Caroline support her decision, and the wedding is planned.
Rafferty explains to Bobby that he had learned to love and value
someone more than himself, and that is how one earned a ticket
Uptown. Ragetti's is reformed so it will also be a bait shop.
Rahul Mithaiwala (Shah Rukh Khan) is a forty-year-old bachelor
living in Mumbai. Rahul and Sue grow more intimate, later to
share stories about their pasts. Rahul and his friends plan to
dump the ashes at Goa but his grandmother wants to see him off,
forcing Rahul to travel by train. Rahul eventually discovers that
Sue is actually Indian (her name is short for Sunita). Rahul goes
to a bar and there meets Sue (Lisa Ray). Rahul is annoyed, but
says nothing because the men are carrying weapons. Rahul lends
her his mobile phone so that she can contact her friends, but the
men with her grab it and throw it from the train. Rahul tells
Tangaballi and his goons that he is ready for the fight this
time. Rahul tells the ticket inspector about them, but they push
the inspector into a river below a bridge. Rahul then leaves a
message that love knows no regional or language barriers and that
with a strong heart, there is no limit to what the common man can
achieve. Rahul tries to flirt with the woman, who starts
communicating by singing parodies of Hindi film songs, and
explains that the four men are trying to kidnap her. Rahul's
grandfather (Lekh Tandon) owns a chain of confectionery shops.
Rahul's grandfather dies on the eve of the celebration, just when
he witnesses Sachin Tendulkar on TV in a cricket match get
dismissed on his 99th run. Rahul, not knowing which way to go,
returns to Meena, who takes him to the Vidhamba village. Raina
calls over Dimple and Saira to her town, where they make a plan
to find and con the number one conman who they name "Bloody
Kameena(BK)" (Bloody Scoundrel). Raina fails to identify fake
painting and she contacts Deven(MF. Raised on beer, with the
assumption they’re all grown up, Luke and Corey decide it’s time
to finish their family beer; a beer their parents started but
were never able to finish twenty years ago. Raj (Sachin Bhatt) is
an Indian-American choreographer trying to make it in the
bustling city of Los Angeles. Ralf confesses that he never
stopped loving Anna, but she rejects him and tells Ludo what
happened. Ralph abdicates his throne, revealing that Willingham
will succeed him. Ralph accumulates a small but loyal following.
Ralph addresses Parliament. Ralph and Jack team up to find Joan
and the fabled jewel. Ralph bids goodbye to his friends and his
newly discovered relative. Ralph develops suspicions about his
circumstances, and learns that Willingham is another heir to the
throne and had refused the role. Ralph informs Hal that
Rosemary's mother forbade him from seeing her again. Ralph
informs a distraught Millie that her 60 days are up, gets her to
admit there is no fiancé, and asks her to marry him. Ralph is
captured by Tarak's rebel Sufi tribe who are sworn to protect the
Jewel so he can fulfill his people's destiny. Ralph is flown to
London, where he meets Willingham and begins a long period of
instruction intended to turn him into a proper monarch. Ralph is
informed that he is now king; his grandfather, the first Duke of
Warren, engaged in an affair with a hotel maid while visiting the
States. Ralph laments having gained nothing for his efforts, but
Tarak acknowledges that he is a true Sufi friend and presents him
with a jeweled dagger as Jack and Joan happily sail away down the
Nile. Ralph's staff arrange for him to marry Princess Anna (Joely
Richardson) of Finland; Ralph receives her and her parents on a
state visit. Ramona and Gail argue after the rehearsal dinner,
and Ramona accuses Gail of trying to ruin her life throughout
high school. Ramona gets back with her seventh evil ex, Gideon,
also known as G-Man Graves, the sponsor of the event. Ramona is
now a successful, wealthy woman who owns several hotels and a
private plane. Ramona reveals that she had a grudge with Gail,
even when they were best friends, because she always competed
with and outdid her, culminating with Gail taking the boy that
Ramona wanted to the prom. Ramona stated that Gail was already a
legendary head cheerleader and prom queen, and drama was supposed
to be hers, yet Gail also defeated her with the auditions.
Ramona, remorseful of her actions, reveals that she was just
jealous of Gail's happy family especially that her marriages
didn't work out, and feared that Gail was trying to take Joanna
away from her. Random selection chooses a song called "For the
First Time", which was Courtney and Royce's old duet. Randy Dean
is a 17-year-old student in her final year with poor grades, only
one friend - Frank, a gay Latino - secret cigarette and marijuana
habits and a cashier’s job at a gas station with fellow worker
Regina. Randy also finds Dedee; they inform Matt that they are
taking the ashes and moving away. Randy and Evie experiment with
how "out" they can be as lesbians, nervously holding hands at a
local diner. Randy and Evie start passing notes in school and
hanging out with each other, although Evie does not reveal this
to her cliquish friends. Randy finally calls Wendy, who comes
out, pays for the room and tries to comfort the girls. Randy
lives with her lesbian aunt Rebecca and her girlfriend Vicky, as
well as Rebecca's ex-girlfriend Lena, who has no place to stay
and is living with them until she finds somewhere else she can go
to. Randy recognizes her from school and talks to her for the
first time. Randy spends much of her time with Evie hanging out
in meadows, trading music (opera and Mozart from Evie, punk rock
from Randy) and talking. Ranesh catches his wife and Andy having
sex; Andy escapes by jumping down from the first storey of the
building, breaking his leg as a result. Rasputia adds that Norbit
played Kate and has been setting her up since the first day she
came back to town. Rasputia and her brothers move to Mexico and
open up El Nipplopolis, where Rasputia becomes their most popular
and lucrative stripper. Rasputia fights her way through the crowd
and almost kills Norbit, but she runs off after being harpooned
in the buttocks by mr Wong. Rather than behave jealously, the
Earl invites the American to come visit, taking their guest
fishing as part of a bid to impress the importance of heritage on
Delacro. Rather than deliberately throw the game, he decides to
deliberately fail an ethics exam, which automatically
disqualifies him from playing. Rather than give up the names of
the real culprits, Henry takes the fall and goes to jail. Rather
than react violently, Bugsy amuses himself with the notion that
he will take the scared-stiff Vicki and Charley to a justice of
the peace in the middle of the night and make them marry one
another. Rather than return, Dolly wants a divorce so she can
marry dr Richard Hilliard, a physicist. Rather than running a
failing business into the ground, he contends that the
shareholders should follow his lead and get what value they can
from the stock before the company's inevitable demise. Rather
than unmask her and stop the ruse, he enlisted Sophie to help him
one-up his best friend and rival, Stanley. Rather, he had
accidentally fallen in the well and died. Rawlins, appointed as
the new replacement chauffeur is set up in the servant's
quarters. Ray Ray leads Mark and Tomas to a leather bar where
they catch ex-gay leader Brother Daniel in full leather gear
(Mark has a photo published in the paper to discredit Brother
Daniel's anti-Hope House protests). Ray finds Tiana, gives her
the charm and attempts to hold off the demons so she can escape,
but Facilier kills him. Ray finds a job for Anton that involves
him traveling to Bombay for a long period of time. Ray hurriedly
urges Mike to stay and fight for the girl he loves. Ray is a
"Master Player" who can handle even the most difficult women. Ray
is reproached by the Countess for the impersonal way he buys up
hotels this way, piling up "ten thousand bedrooms" and replacing
employees without a second thought. Ray tries to speed up that
process. Raymond Dabney (Montgomery) returns to a mixed reaction
from his middle-class family in London after serving a sentence
at  HM Prison Wormwood Scrubs for stealing a motorcar. Raymond
Woods, a junior manager in a bank in the City is becoming
increasingly bored of his life as it takes a downhill tumble.
Raymond and Rita also arrive, concerned and seemingly reluctantly
suspicious, to find out why Loretta didn't make the previous
day's bank deposit; they are relieved to learn that she merely
forgot and still has the money. Raymond apologizes about
everything, while Paula asks sweetly how many times he'd want to
have sex in a week. Raymond collects large portion of the money
and claims its his. Raymond insists he needs a much nicer hotel
with a beach, while Paulo insists Raymond would not be able to
afford such a hotel, but suddenly changes heart once Raymond
shows him a large wad of cash. Raymond is still angry at the fact
that she has ended him up in this situation. Raymond recalls that
when he was a boy and Cosmo was courting Rose, he thought that a
particularly bright moon one night was somehow brought to the
house by Cosmo because of his love for Rose. Raymond then decides
he should return the money to the bank, as he still has enough
time to get back to England and return the money to the vaults
without anybody noticing it had gone. Raymond then proceeds to
sabotage Crystal's other relationships. Raymond trips up in a
commotion at the door of the hotel, dropping his bag and
spreading his cash all over the floor. Raymond turns it down,
however, and departs the same day. Reaction is immediate and
hostile, with Alex suffering indignities great and small,
everything from the breakup of her marriage to the closing of her
credit account at the local fried pie shop. Reade wants a wife
who can "just find having babies and taking care of a man"
pleasurable. Reading that she dreamed of receiving a gift of
earrings from him and then making love to him, Gil attempts to
take a pair of Inez's earrings to give to Adriana, but is
thwarted by Inez's early return from a trip. Reading them over,
Lara Jean has a change of heart and takes out her pen and paper
to write a real love letter to Peter. Ready to confess everything
to Claire to convince her not to marry Sack, John is interrupted
by Jeremy being chased out of the house: Sack has investigated
and revealed John and Jeremy's identities to the family.
Realising that Betty lived only for her family and that her
constant marginalization and being married to a man that didn't
really love her broke Betty's will to live, Muriel breaks down
and realizes that all the frauds, falsehoods and lies only lead
to pain. Realizing Dorothy still loves him, Paul kisses her.
Realizing Emilio is his cousin, Deeds convinces him they must
stop Cedar and that he is the rightful CEO. Realizing Kate is no
longer with Anne, Adam sees it as an opportunity to get back
together with Kate, although she tells him it's not possible.
Realizing Tramp's true intentions, Jock and Trusty chase after
the dog catcher's wagon. Realizing he is out of time, Gabe goes
to find Rosemary. Realizing he may be suspicious, she sleeps with
Adam, even though she has just come from sleeping with her lover.
Realizing he needs to keep the youth formula out of Buddy's
hands, Sherman stashes it at his parents' house. Realizing her
own feelings for him, she tears it up, and they kiss. Realizing
his daughter really loves the newspaperman, Andrews tries to
persuade Ellie to run away again, this time from her own wedding
ceremony. Realizing his mistake, Brice dances and sings in a
cowboy outfit for her. Realizing his mistake, Fritzie then goes
to his cab where Jack is pleading with Mary. Realizing his
mistake, he goes to find her. Realizing it is his fault, Casey
asks Penny for help. Realizing it is the place for them, they sit
together happily, overlooking the water. Realizing she would
rather be with Naveen, Tiana destroys the charm. Realizing that
Henry has forgiven her and that she has Kate's blessing, Ashley
joyfully embraces with Henry. Realizing that Jack may damage his
career, Lee insists on changing her plea to guilty. Realizing
that Jimmy has given up what he believed to be his crown in order
to be with the woman he loves, Veronica is inspired to abdicate
her throne and return to Paul, the man she loves. Realizing that
Julia isn't the daughter she gave up, she runs away, upset,
leaving behind a very confused Noah. Realizing that Mars and
Greer are too scared of losing Nola to force her to choose one of
the three men, Jamie lays down an ultimatum to her that she must
choose a single lover. Realizing that Old 97 is just the way to
deliver the lobsters, Jane and George persuade everybody to fill
up the train's tender with coal from their homes. Realizing that
Scamp is Tramp's son, as the second and final test he sets up for
Scamp in order to qualify for joining the Junkyard Dogs, Buster
orders Scamp to steal a chicken from his family's picnic.
Realizing that Stephen has surely died, Bloom breaks down on the
side of the road while Penelope tries to comfort him. Realizing
that a reconciliation is not possible, Jesse finally decides to
move out while ignoring Celeste's apologies. Realizing that a
sculpture Taft claimed to them was priceless but told Chelsea was
worthless, Logan goes to find Cavanaugh while Kelly and Chelsea
go to an exposition in honor of Taft to find the sculpture.
Realizing that he is locked into a bad deal, Stroker devises a
plan with Lugs to get out of it. Realizing that he is truly in
love with Helene, Carter is relentless in attempting to convince
her of his sincerity, and of his deep feelings for her. Realizing
that he loves Tibby, Brian breaks up with Effie. Realizing that
he really loves Leeza, he bursts into the wedding, professing his
love for her and saying "Love is how you speak to me. Realizing
that he was selfish and made a terrible mistake, Scamp wishes
that he was home with his family. Realizing that he's beaten,
Tostado calls off the police, and lets Dolores leave with Johnny.
Realizing that his chances with Barbara have been effectively
sabotaged, Jerry drives Lucy away in her car. Realizing that his
friend was not joking about his profession, Paul has a drink and
leaves the dance. Realizing that she was telling the truth and
that he actually loves her, he is too distraught to perform.
Realizing that the couple is breaking up, she declares she must
make a report to the agency, but Augie pleads for a week and Miss
MacCracken agrees. Realizing that the wedding is in a few hours,
they all try to call someone for help, but with no luck: Loretta
is busy spending the night with Eddie in her room; Gail is
already shacking up with Drake (who appears as himself);
Bennett's mother has gone to pick up his kid. Realizing that
their relationship will always be platonic, Muriel sits on her
bed and contemplates the view. Realizing that unlike Charlie,
Oscar has not stolen her bag, she shrugs and reprises her opening
dance. Realizing the mistakes he made in rejecting his father's
good advice, Jeffrey makes up with his dad in a touching scene at
Larry's Fish House ("Any Fish You Wish"), where his family is
dining. Realizing the truth, he goes to her workplace and returns
the favor, forcing her to model dress after dress. Realizing
their mistake, Chad and the basketball team tell Troy what
happened and offer to support him in callbacks. Realizing their
true feelings for each other, they reconcile and make plans for
another date. Realizing there is no way he will not lose his
house, Larry uses the knowledge he gained in his Economics class
to begin a strategic foreclosure. Realizing they are being
followed, the bandits enter the Beto Carrero Rodeo to lose them.
Realizing they are in danger, the couple give the flash drive to
Phil and flee. Realizing they are still in there after hearing
Tucker's parents and the fire chief preparing to send
firefighters in to find him, he runs in through the basement
window and looks for them. Realizing they cannot trust the
police, they decide to find the real Tripplehorns. Realizing this
along with how unhappy Eddie was with Gwen, Lee encourages him to
tell Kiki and end his marriage to Gwen anyway. Realizing this
must be the money Augie has given Estelle, Dick invents a story
of losing an investment on the stock market and Augie giving him
a loan. Realizing this, he panics, running out on her so he won't
be hurt. Realizing this, their wives talk to their friend dr Lucy
(Joy Behar) and decide to give them a "Hall Pass": a week off
from marriage during which they can have sex with other women.
Reasoning that the Nellie Thursday home is "wherever Nellie
Thursday is", Oxford Charlie and his crew kidnap the home's
inhabitants (including Nellie and Brainey) and move them to
Charlie's mansion in Nyack. Rebecca Warner moves from her small
farm town in South Dakota to attend college in Los Angeles at
California State University, Northridge. Rebecca furiously calls
off the wedding, but Crawl and Tracy can't defend themselves as
they cannot remember the night before. Rebecca is a film actress,
who is about to make her stage debut at Lincoln Center. Rebecca
is hurt and tells Adam that she is the one that broke Kate and
Anne up when Kate caught the two in bed and says she supposes
that makes her and Kate even. Rebecca is pursued on the set by a
young costar, Jasper, who would like to be able to claim that
he's bedded a famous actress. Rebecca is thinking about marriage
and children. Rebecca threatens Frank until, panicked, he turns
over Evie’s phone number. Rebecca, a single woman new to the
"small town" of San Francisco, meets Kevin, the sexy, but
promiscuous bartender at her new job. Rebecca, being new in town
and unlucky in love, meets Anne at a coffee shop. Rebecca,
hearing everything from Kevin, and knowing that Adam won't call
her, goes to see him, where the two resume their relationship.
Rebecca, realizing she is not really a lesbian, is embarrassed
and doesn't see Anne again. Rebecca, who has learned that Randy
will not be graduating high school, goes over to go to Frank’s
house with Vicky and Lena, where Randy had told them she would be
staying the night. Rebels under the leadership of Baron Rolfe von
Stuppe (Ross Martin) and General Kuhster (George Macready) kidnap
the Prince, Fate, Max, and Maggie. Receiving a message from
Pampinea's servant, Count Dzerzhinsky rides to Pampinea's
father's mansion for the wedding, for he has been promised her
hand in marriage. Receiving no response from Deborah Ann, Michael
writes a second letter, which Toni again rewrites. Recently
widowed Michelle O'Brien moves into a Greenwich Village
brownstone with her infant son John Thomas. Recognizing Tramp, he
tries to capture them but is bitten in the rear by Angel and in a
panic, knocks himself out. Recognizing her from the day before,
he apologizes for his rude behavior. Recognizing the lipstick-
marked paper, she chases the airplane to another train station
and aboard a different train. Recovering back home from their
growing colds, Alicia shares a childhood memory with Drew about
an old tree that was coated in ice during a storm. Red and the
rest of the gang arrives at the beach house as Red had a plan.
Red drags Carface into Hell after himself, which reveals to
everyone that Carface unknowingly sold his soul to him in
exchange for his collar. Red dumps drugs into the toilet, and
instead returns a bag of flour to the drug dealer. Red tape
forces Henri and Catherine to get married in three different
ceremonies: civil, Army, and church. Red told Samantha that her
parents knows where she is and they intend to sue Top of
kidnapping and rape since Samantha is still a minor that will
cause a huge issue between the Perez and the Pendleton Group of
Companies. Redlitch is researching a book on witches in New York,
and he acquires an "inside" collaborator when Gillian's warlock
brother Nicky (Jack Lemmon) volunteers his services in exchange
for a portion of the proceeds. Reed Fish (Jay Baruchel) has
followed in the footsteps of his late father, doing an early-
morning radio show with the town's mayor, Maureen (Katey Sagal),
through which the eccentric locals of Mud Meadows voice their
complaints and have them addressed. Reed comes along with
volunteers as they manage to pull through the evening. Reed
encourages her to play on Open Mike Night at the local bar. Reed
produces the show with his old high school buddy, Frank (Victor
Rasuk), and he's engaged to be married to another high school
classmate, Kate Peterson (Alexis Bledel), whose dad (Blake Clark)
owns several businesses in town. Reed's plans are upended when
his high school sweetheart, Jill (Schuyler Fisk), comes back to
town. Reese and Stacey meet, and, complicating the burglary
somewhat, fall in love. Reggie agrees because there will be good
food. Reggie comes up with the idea to save himself from marriage
by getting all his grandmother's candidates engaged, starting
with the twins. Reggie had been seeing a beautiful married woman,
mrs Dryden (Diana Napier), but faced with poverty, he gives in.
Reggie is a sophisticated European, who introduces Sylvia to the
enticements of the European lifestyle, to which she is attracted.
Reggie then discovers he is not so opposed to marriage after all.
Regi reluctantly lets him live in her apartment until his boat
returns from Bermuda, at which time he can return to sponging off
of Vivian. Regina has joined the lacrosse team to deal with her
anger, Karen has become the school weather reporter (claiming
earlier that her breasts can tell when it is raining), and
Gretchen joins the "Cool Asians". Regina is soon reunited with a
mysterious stranger she met on her holiday. Reginald was recently
divorced by his wife for assaulting her and for his adultery with
a prostitute. Regrettably surveying the wreckage of his work,
David soon accepts the destruction and chaos, gives in, and hugs
and kisses Susan. Regretting her decision, later, when she learns
that Alice intends to marry Geoffrey, Monica becomes desperate
and falsely accuses Geoffrey in front of the others of having
ruined her. Regretting his actions, he realizes he has 24 hours
to retrieve the package before it gets to her. Rehearsals begin
the next morning, with the directors using both dogs
interchangeably. Reilly confesses to Cain that he was the one who
leaked the story, and Cain's second, DoDo (Allen Jenkins)
accidentally throws a towel into the ring, making Cain the loser
by a technical knockout. Reinstated, he orders Number 2 to be
stuck in the ship's "butt" forever. Relationships require
partners to have a distinguishing trait in common. Relief that
Nick was not the one sleeping with Darla doesn't make her forgive
Darla's continued selfishness, and she is lecturing them both
when Jay arrives. Relieved and elated, Charity leaves ("I'm A
Brass Band") and packs a suitcase on which is printed 'Almost
Married'. Relieved that he doesn't suspect anything, she kisses
him and tells him that the statue is not for sale. Relieved that
his daughter hadn't been seduced by a fortune  hunter, Carr gives
his blessing to their marriage. Relieved, Bulworth falls asleep
for the first time in days in Nina's arms. Relieved, Picard
apologizes and begs him to join them in Paris. Relieved, she goes
to the fire-station to meet Nick that evening. Reluctant to
escort Lally Joy to the party, Gilly becomes more willing as she
makes her appearance in her beautiful redesigned dress. Reluctant
to return to Heaven, Charlie conceals it in a lobster trap.
Reluctantly Richard helps her search for an appropriate partner,
while spending his free time building yet another experimental
flying machine. Reluctantly, Elliot agrees to play the role,
despite full knowledge that it may mean the end of his career as
an actor. Reluctantly, Stacy lets him get into the car with her
but, this time, he does not come on to her or act pushy and
desperate. Reluctantly, he accepts her request but is also eager
to attend the Goa trip. Reluctantly, she travels to Korea with
him. Relying on the support of longtime friends and investors,
Jorgy makes an impassioned plea to save the company, appealing to
the traditions of manufacturing as opposed to the new breed of
capitalism which Larry the Liquidator represents, in which buyers
of companies create no products or jobs and are interested only
in money. Remembering Randy’s warning of how intolerant the town
can be, Evie nevertheless breaks the news to her three closest
friends. Remembering a naked Will,J. Remembering that Kevin once
said the same thing as a criticism, Jane quits and admits she
only stayed at the job because she was in love with George.
Reminiscent of his blow-up back in college when he failed to
qualify for the Tour, Roy tries repeatedly to hit the same shot,
not realizing that he has lost the tournament, but with the same
heart-breaking result, splashing in the water hazard. Reminiscing
about high school band, Julie tells Tom that she wants to just
drive away for a year just to be on her own. Removing the diamond
brooch from his desk drawer, he binds it to Cheveley's wrist with
a hidden lock. Renata tells Sam he's tearing her family apart.
Renata travels to the Caribbean, where she takes a course on
selling condominiums. Renata's father directs the funeral
procession through several rotations on a traffic round-about,
something Sam greatly enjoyed during his life. Rene does his best
to spoil the dinner and succeeds, with Phillip walking out of the
house after a quarrel with Kay. Rene finally gets Kay to admit
she loves him, but she tells him that she will not marry him, as
the difference in social status between them will earn her the
derision of everyone she knows. Rene follows her. Rene tells her
he has no such intention and answers the phone several times and
tells everyone he is Kay's chef. Rene tells her that he is a
French marquis and leaves, angered by her silly fears. Rene
waits, helplessly, as Kay prepares to leave. Rene, delighted,
accepts without Kay knowing. Renie gives Tammy the dress Peter's
great-grandmother wore. Renowned surgeon Sir Lancelot Spratt
(James Robertson Justice) arranges a cruise for his patient, the
famous television star Basil Beauchamp (Simon Dee). Reporter
Fitzpatrick shows up and, mistaking the madman for Jack, warns
him that Tracy is coming. Reporter Jean Christy (Rosalind
Russell) works for a newspaper in danger of being thrown away by
its young owner, Pat Buckley (Patric Knowles), after Buckley has
a falling-out with the editor-in-chief, Robert Lansford (Errol
Flynn). Reporter Jeff Sherman (Walter Pidgeon), recently fired by
Blair, offers a solution in exchange for a promotion, a raise, a
bonus and an unlimited expense account. Representative Agatha
Reed (Joan Crawford) returns to her alma mater to receive an
honorary degree. Researchers on the project have yet to devise a
system to generate enough power to operate it. Resenting Bud for
denying them access to his apartment, the executives direct the
man there. Residents can extend their deadline by hunting and
tranquilizing single people in the forest; each captured "loner"
earns them a day. Resolving to win Ramona back, Scott challenges
Gideon to a fight for her affections, earning the "Power of Love"
and a sword. Resourceful Schatze Page (Lauren Bacall), spunky
Loco Dempsey (Betty Grable), and ditzy Pola Debevoise (Marilyn
Monroe) rent a luxurious Sutton Place penthouse in New York City
from Freddie Denmark (David Wayne), who is avoiding the IRS by
living in Europe. Retired millionaire Benjamin Dingle (Charles
Coburn) arrives in Washington,C. Retrieving the gun will be his
final errand. Returned to the garage, Judith seduces Wayne into
releasing one of her hands, so she escapes again. Returned to the
present, Frank goes to the homeless shelter to apologize to
Claire and invites her to lunch to mend fences. Returning
dejected to his aunt Vanessa's, Stanley is surprised when Sophie
follows him there and he proposes. Returning from Madrid, Spain,
he wants to propose to her firsthand. Returning from a mission
with heavy battle damage, Patterson attempts to help his pilot
land their B-17 Flying Fortress at an emergency landing strip at
Exmoor, but is killed when the bomber stalls as they manoeuvre to
avoid crashing in the village. Returning home after he and the
other firefighters have extinguished the flames at the golf
course, Wilder discovers Vida and Wally about to make love on the
roof of the house trailer. Returning home for the evening, Judge
Hardy runs into 12-year-old Betsy Booth (Judy Garland), who is
staying with her grandparents for the Christmas holiday.
Returning home to New York alone, he attempts to piece his life
back together. Returning home, Connie allows Joe to spend his
final night in her apartment. Returning home, Luke finds Jill has
come home early, and she is crying. Returning home, Megan's
boyfriend suggests that rather than have a big wedding they
elope. Returning home, they see Willie and Virginia embracing;
Joseph Canfield furiously rushes into the room, gun in hand.
Returning to MGM, Buster and the newsreel company's boss are
dismayed to find that he apparently forgot to load film into his
camera. Returning to Pasadena in search of Elaine, Benjamin
breaks into the Robinson home but encounters mrs Robinson.
Returning to the Flower Girl's apartment, the Tramp spies her
being attended by a doctor. Returning to the States, everyone
takes notice of the transformed Sylvia. Returning to the festival
crowds, the girls are invited to return to the stage where they
dance to Christina Vidal's song It's All About Nothing. Returning
to the hotel, Harry meets Evie again in the lobby, where she is
upset after escaping from the unwanted sexual advances of a
strange man outside her room. Returning to the hotel, Jimmy tells
Veronica that he cannot go with her and be "king" because he
loves another woman. Returning to the house, Connor finds Sandra
furious at learning that Paul had slept with one of her
bridesmaids very early in their relationship, information that
Connor had let slip earlier in the evening. Returning to the
manor, she and Mandy attempt to run away, but are thwarted by
Char's arrival. Returning to the past, he finds her at a party
and tells Adriana, "I sense there are some complicated feelings
you have for me". Returning to the present in Idaho, Caroline
sees Mason's pilot carrying the bust of her that had been
sculpted by Paul Martindale, and follows the pilot to where Mason
was waiting. Returning to the real world, Anthony and Ian
discover that, due to their changes to Anthony's embarrassing
video, they have become famous, turning the video into the "Clone
Fight" video; in which they met the President of the United
States, created a movie, a TV show, and more. Returning to the
site, she finds a fast electric cart on the track. Returning to
their aircraft, the two discover that the natives have stolen
parts, effectively stranding them on the island. Returning to
their own town, David prepares the banns to be published as soon
as possible and goes to the local town hall to obtain his birth
certificate for his government posting. Reuben Feffer (Ben
Stiller), a life insurance underwriter, is celebrating his
honeymoon with newlywed wife, Lisa Kramer (Debra Messing), on the
island of st Barts, but catches her having sex with Claude (Hank
Azaria), a French scuba instructor. Reuben again encounters
Claude, but instead of being angry, he thanks Claude before
heading into the water with Polly to join Van Lew on his new
boat. Reuben and Polly begin dating, with her introducing him to
activities he once wrote off as "too risky", such as eating at a
Moroccan restaurant and salsa dancing, which culminates with the
pair enthusiastically having a successful bang session together,
with Reuben shouting "50" as he orgasms. Reuben and Polly
vacation on the same beach where Lisa and he had their honeymoon.
Reuben goes to an art gallery with his friend, Sandy Lyle (Philip
Seymour Hoffman), where he runs into former junior high school
classmate Polly Prince (Jennifer Aniston). Reuben is torn between
the free-spirited Polly and the safe and familiar Lisa. Reunited
and now rich, Camille and Ugo look forward to the next stop on
their tour. Reunited by Greenslade on Rupert's birthday, the
couple rush back to London for the opening, via the marriage
registry, that is. Reunited with Christian, he urges her to run
away with him. Rev. Rev. Revealed to be a crooked businessman and
gold digger, Deion helps the Latimore brothers in their plan to
turn the restaurant/orphanage into a strip club to get a cut in
the profit. Rhea becomes upset, as she did not consider their
actions a mistake; she realizes she loves him but tells Karan
that they should not commit one more mistake by marrying for the
wrong reasons. Rhea is marrying Sameer (Abhishek Bachchan). Rhea
leaves him since Karan projects his confused feelings as guilt
rather than as love for her. Rhea reads that book and finds him
in the press conference. Rhonda Blair (Carla Gallo), the zoo's
accountant, gossips that Benjamin will probably sell the zoo.
Rhonda accepts who in turn tells off Muriel's former friends.
Rhonda confronts Muriel's former social-group who also bullied
her in high-school. Rhonda discovers she has a malignant tumour
pressing on her spine and requires urgent surgery. Rhonda
discovers that Muriel has tried on every wedding dress in Sydney
and confronts her, forcing Muriel to confess the depth of her
deception. Rhonda meets two American sailors while Muriel takes a
nice man, Brice Nobes, she met at her minimum wage job in a local
video store. Rhonda moves back to Porpoise Spit with her mother
as she can no longer live in Sydney without any help, as Muriel
moves in with her new husband. Rhonda's cancer returns,
necessitating more severe surgery and leaving her permanently
paralyzed. Rhonda, Sam's other best friend, and the rest of the
diner's staff also convince her to disobey Fiona and go to the
dance anyway. Ria moves on from her past life, and appears to
become attracted to another family member. Ria stops them from
driving off and takes Aliya away from him, proclaiming for all to
hear that he had molested her as a child. Ric (Blakemore) and
Natalie (Dixon) are a happy young couple headed towards marriage
after a brief courtship. Rich and Denis fight off Kevin for a bit
by using their wet towels to thrash them with; this they learned
to do after a brutal beating Rich had in freshman year. Rich
immediately proceeds to enter in the showers with the girls but
as Denis is taking off his pants, he sees Beth get out the
shower. Rich tried being gay and didn't much like being
heterosexual either and is waiting for the next thing. Richard
(Branagh), an unsuccessful artist who builds primitive flying
machines, attempts to fly from the roof of a London office
building wearing homemade wings but fails, instead crash-landing
and only being saved by a rescue squad. Richard (John Fraser),
Charles' son and school student, falls in love with her, but she
considers him tabu because of the closeness of their family
relationship. Richard Cooper (Chris Rock) is a happily married
and professionally successful man. Richard Herald (Lauritz
Melchior) is a famous opera singer and father to Richard Herald
II, who has recently returned from fighting in the war and now
prefers to be known as Dick Johnson (Johnnie Johnston). Richard
Nugent (Cary Grant), a handsome and sophisticated artist, is a
defendant in Margaret's courtroom, charged by ADA Tommy
Chamberlain (Rudy Vallee) with starting a nightclub brawl.
Richard Sherman (Tom Ewell) is a nerdy, faithful, middle-aged
publishing executive with an overactive imagination and a mid-
life crisis, whose wife, Helen (Evelyn Keyes), and son, Ricky
(Butch Bernard), are spending the summer in Maine. Richard Sumner
reveals his romantic interest in Bunny Watson, but she believes
that EMERAC would always be his first priority. Richard also gets
along well with Kimberly on a date but unlike Akpors, he reveals
their visitor status in the United States. Richard and Akpors
drives home in the car. Richard and Jane are seen successfully
taking a flight in Richard's flying machine, although it breaks
apart on landing. Richard and Margaret are happily surprised to
meet each other as they approach the plane to board. Richard
assaults Tommy and is held in jail until Matt Beemish (Ray
Collins), who is the court psychiatrist and also Margaret and
Susan's uncle, intervenes and explains the true situation.
Richard books a hotel suite for Jane and pays the gigolo five
hundred pounds, promising the rest later. Richard comes home and
is very upset with Julia. Richard comes to see Emma in the bridal
chamber. Richard decides to visit the restaurant again to await
Kimberly but Akpors shows up unexpectedly. Richard discovers the
plot to blow up a mountain and hem the party in a little valley.
Richard gives her an incentive to proceed as planned. Richard had
also heard the radio show the night before and tells her that he
wants her to be happy, and they amicably break up. Richard has no
sooner discovered Susan in his apartment than Tommy and Margaret
arrive to rescue her from his presumed seduction. Richard
imagines his wife with McKenzie on a hayride which actually takes
place but into which he injects his paranoia, guilt and jealousy.
Richard in an attempt to converse with his mother on Skype, sees
Ese and talks to her angrily about her interference in his
relationship with Kimberly. Richard is very upset, and wants to
know why. Richard lets Julia take over the house for a couple of
hours, in which she "straightens out" the household. Richard
proposes, but she refuses because she does not want to marry
anyone and he has to be valedictorian. Richard quickly sees that
she is trying to not be a "nice girl", but both of them realize
that she is just playing a game and not really being who she is.
Richard reluctantly leaves. Richard reprimands him for his
actions and agrees to involve Clara. Richard returns home,
surprising his wife, and, for the first time in the film, they
begin to rebuild a genuine rapport, with a possible promise of
good things to come. Richard sees photos of the incident in the
newspaper, and storms out of Julia's hotel room after she insists
he cares more about the store than about her. Richard tries to
discourage the proceedings but Akpors maintains an interest and
requests further information on the remuneratory aspect of the
proposed contract, despite knowing it was a violation of his visa
to work during their visit. Richard's bride (Talmadge) has a
bright idea and decides to make the uncle believe that she is
Paul's wife instead of Richard's. Richard's mum leaves the
conversation to attend to her cooking and tells Ese not to tamper
with the laptop. Richard's mum, not familiar with the American
way of greeting, considers Kimberly rude. Richard, on the other
hand has been disturbed since Kimberly stopped communicating.
Richard, overcome by his fantasies, awkwardly grabs at her,
causing them to fall off the piano bench. Richard, usually a
teetotaller, has been getting drunk with his butler. Richards
tries to make romantic advances but Kimberly reminds him that
they are still under her father's watchful eye. Richelieu gives
her a letter that excuses her actions as under orders from the
Cardinal himself, but Athos takes it. Richie welcomes Ramona home
and wants to be her date for the wedding, which makes Ramona very
happy and they appear to start a relationship. Rick (Owen Wilson)
and Fred (Jason Sudeikis) are best friends, as are their wives,
Maggie (Jenna Fischer) and Grace (Christina Applegate). Rick
Richards (Presley) returns to his home in Hawaii after being
fired from his job as an airline pilot. Rick and Fred make their
way to the hospital with Brent and the police chasing them. Rick
decides to sit in the hot tub instead, but falls asleep and stays
there for several hours, ending up with his muscles too weak to
use and forced to accept the help of two naked men to leave -
much to his dismay. Rick goes back home to Maggie. Rick must
decide if he should risk losing his license forever by going to
look for his friend. Rick's company falls apart. Ricky (Jon
Cryer), a lonely, 40-something restaurant manager finally meets
his ideal woman, Danita (Stephanie Szostak) through a dating
website. Ricky is involved in the Whittaker counterfeit ring
Agent Rivera is investigating. Ricky is so smitten he agrees to
do it with the help of his accountant best friend, Seth. Ridgeway
asks the Sûreté to arrest Alexis. Ridgeway has to leave for the
train station and Miss Harris reacts very fast and follows him as
she gets to know that the case is not solved. Ridgeway is
convinced that Phelps' insurance policy has not been renewed, as
he doesn't think Phelps deserves it. Ridgeway tells Laura the
news, but she surprises him by saying she knew all along. Rigging
a con, the Kid convinces her to switch her bet, but learns that
she was betting for boyfriend and notorious gangster Moose Moran
(Fred Clark). Right after she says yes he tells her about the
one-night stand he had. Right after the conference, Will comes by
to rudely tellJ. Right at that time Oliver and Richard come to
the benefit. Right away, he joins up with Erik, Ryan, and Cooze,
who are at first reluctant to run, but when Brandi, Jill, and
Alexis show up to run with the guys, they're finally prompted to
strip down and run with the girls, and end up having a great
time. Right before Liv leaves to begin her march to the altar,
she encounters Emma's father and receives his blessing;
immediately she regrets setting up a wild spring break DVD to
play at Emma's wedding. Right before going on stage, however,
they discover that Ben's band (the "Glory Dogs") have decided to
play the song that I Can't Go On, I'll Go On were originally to
perform, forcing them to change their act at the last minute.
Right before the ceremony, Jeff proclaims his love for Mary and
tells her that he is leaving on a boat back to Spain. Right
before the wedding, Joe informs Mia that Nicholas is innocent.
Right" at all. Rigid and stern at first, she slowly becomes
seduced by the West and the Count, who falls in love with her.
Rihanna ultimately selects Crenshaw Heights as the winners, and
the Pacific Vista squad (with Britney's friend Amber (Cindy Chiu)
as their new captain) comes forward to congratulate them. Riley
calls his friend Delilah, a Kuvasz, to run after him. Riley
explains that he could not because a bridge means cars and cars
means humans and he does not trust humans. Riley gets into
trouble with gangsters because he refuses to fix a fight. Riley
reveals that she has had a secret boyfriend, who she discovered
has been cheating on her. Riley tries to explain that they are
different, but they will not listen and head outside. Riley, who
had wanted to become an idealistic lawyer, has become a fight
promoter and gambler, associating with shady underworld
characters. Rip and his team of professionals then travel to
Grandview to perform the survey. Rip concludes that the small
town demographic is a perfect match for the country as a whole,
and believes he has finally found his miracle formula. Rip holds
an electrifying speech to preserve the town, and the conservative
members of the town council listens to him rather than Mary,
whose proposition is laid to the side. Rip leaves Grandview and
Mary and returns home. Rip starts a charm offensive towards Mary
to soften her up, but she holds her ground. Rip starts by talking
to a GrandviewS. Rip starts coaching the school basketball team,
and attends a school dance where he meets Mary's family. Rip
wants this town to stay exactly as it is, so he can make his
perfect surveys, mirroring the demographic of the country. Rishi
(Rahul Bose) is his best friend and colleague at an advertising
agency. Rishi and Deep are dedicated musicians, obsessive about
the music ofD. Rishi and Deep, though they tease him mercilessly,
grow very fond of Neel, and he has a sure ally in Shanti. Rishi
is a little immature and stubborn, and this keeps on causing
fights at home with his equally headstrong wife Nicky (Rinke
Khanna). Rising from his seat and walking past Moustache, the
guest is none other than Lord X. Riveter "Chesty" O'Conner (James
Cagney) and his best friend, "Droopy" (Frank McHugh), join the US
Navy to annoy O'Connor's nemesis, Chief Petty Officer "Biff"
Martin (Pat O'Brien). Roarer agrees but warns Snug that ownership
of the mules will revert to him if Snug misses even one payment.
Rob again attempts to tell Heidi how he feels, but is unable to.
Rob and Heidi are once again in the library where Rob finally
tells her he is attracted to her. Rob and Heidi meet later in the
school library where she discloses that she is a virgin, and
wishes to just "get it [sex] over with". Rob and his friends then
go on the school ski trip. Rob attempts to tell Heidi how he
feels about her but is interrupted by Nathan and Lube. Rob ends
the film with the words "Gotcha, ha ha". Rob finds Heidi in bed
with Stifler and leaves the room. Rob talks to Heidi, a girl he
is attracted to, and Stifler. Rob then throws up on the girl's
back. Rob, who was their high school's most popular boy in his
teens, urges her to let go of her old self and start anew. Robbie
and Julia admit their love for each other and after Billy briefly
interrupts them to offer Robbie support in fulfilling his dream
of being a songwriter, they share a kiss. Robbie awakens and
after shaking off his hangover from the previous night, tells
Linda that it's over and kicks her out. Robby, six years old, and
his 14-year-old brother, Peter, have a joint online chat which he
later depicts in another chat session as "))<>((", an emoticon
that means "pooping back and forth, forever". Robert "Bob" Davis
(Fred Astaire) is a well-known American dancer with a weakness
for betting on the horses. Robert Classon killed one of his
wife's lovers and tried to frame the other. Robert Latour is
aggravated by this behaviour and tips the carriage over. Robert
Lewis (McGregor) is a janitor employed in the basement of
Celine's father's company. Robert Wilcot, a popular television
personality, is selected as the Conservative candidate for the
provincial town of Earndale in the upcoming by-election. Robert
agrees to this. Robert also has to deal with Roxanne (Laurer) and
Jennie (Marshall) along with others out to get him. Robert and
Agnes escape to a life saving station, don diving helmets, and
hide at the bottom of the sea. Robert and Sheila are attracted to
one another but Robert is caught in Martin's continual attempts
to deceive his wife (and keep his marriage, and thus his fortune,
intact) and Sheila doubts Robert's sincerity. Robert chaperones
the girls on a sightseeing tour and to a music club. Robert fears
that Claire is taken ill and in need of a doctor. Robert gets a
distinct advantage over Charles in the duel, and Claire steps in
to interrupt what she fears will be the end of the banker's life.
Robert gets to choose weapons, and he chooses knives, something
Charles isn't quite prepared for. Robert goes back to college and
promises to be good. Robert has had recurring dreams of being
saved by being shot through the heart by an "arrow of love".
Robert is a successful business man inA. Robert is caught
masturbating, and the hotel manager burns his fingers in a
toaster. Robert makes a second demand for the ransom, with a
letter written in Celine's blood. Robert opens his heart to Lili
and tells her he is in love with Claire, and has been since he
first met with her. Robert passes by Claire's house and peers
through the window, seeing Lili inside. Robert pushes her out of
the way, taking a bullet in the thigh. Robert storms to the high-
rise office of the company boss, Mr Naville (Ian Holm), while
Naville is berating his daughter Celine for the William Tell
fiasco. Robert tracks Celine to their hideout. Robert wins the
case, after which Kate has to give him a written apology.
Robert's first attempt to collect the ransom fails but Celine
encourages him. Robert, however, is encouraged by Kate's father
to go after her and he is able to climb on the train. Robert,
thinking he has lost the bet, admits to the whole truth. Roberta
(Rosanna Arquette) is an unfulfilled suburban housewife living in
Fort Lee, New Jersey who is fascinated with a woman she only
knows about by reading messages to and from her in the personals
section of a New York City tabloid. Roberta arrives at home and
tells her parents that the engagement is off. Roberta breaks off
her engagement to Michael. Roberta goes to Battery Park too, sees
the woman (Madonna), and in a series of events involving mistaken
identity, amnesia, and other farcical elements, Roberta goes from
voyeur to participant in an Alice in Wonderland–style plot,
ostensibly motivated by the search for a pair of stolen Egyptian
earrings. Roberta is there when the box arrives and she isn't
happy to see the contents. Robie can prove his innocence if he
can catch the new Cat in the act. Robie is accused by Frances of
being merely a distraction so he could steal her mother's
jewelry. Robie needs to continue his search for the Cat. Robie
speeds back to his villa, and Frances races after to convince him
that she has a place in his life and home. Robie strikes up a
friendship with them. Robie visits a restaurant. Robin Stokes is
a high-powered executive and the long-time mistress of married
Russell. Robin slits her wrists and has to be rushed to the
hospital. Robyn and Jordan text Harper for Lance and the men
quickly return to the house, forcing Harper to tell the rest of
the friends about Mia's illness. Robyn delivers a healthy baby
girl and names her Mia, in honor of their deceased friend. Robyn
is still insecure about Harper and Jordan's friendship. Robyn's
water suddenly breaks, so Lance, Harper, and Candace all try to
rush her to the hospital together. Rocky scrapes up money for the
crude backroom abortion. Rod flirts with Francesca and later
brags to Matthew that he had sex with Francesca. Rod introduces
Matthew to the "penile power", which involves the use of weights
attached to his penis as a means of increasing the organ's size.
Rod tells Matthew that he's a chicken and should just give up on
girls, while Matthew tells him that he has never been able to
speak to girls, especially Cynthia (Jaime Pressly). Rod tells him
that he doesn't need a girlfriend and that it's futile to try to
find the "bra matching the panties", and Matthew accuses him of
being too macho. Rodmilla and Marguerite are sentenced to work as
royal laundry maids for the rest of their lives. Rodmilla and her
daughters are summoned to the Royal Court. Rodmilla confronts
Danielle and locks her in the pantry until Danielle's friend,
Gustave (Lee Ingleby), asks Leonardo da Vinci for help. Rodney
angrily throws the bag away when he catches Izzy staring. Rodney
looks after him, the narrator revealing that he too was tired of
being mad, and was impressed that Izzy had stood up to him. Roger
and Mary are recovering from a devastating personal tragedy only
slowly revealed to the audience: the death of one of their
children. Roger and Mary reach an emotional breakthrough, share
their grief and address her obsessive overprotection of their
remaining child. Roger and Sharpay attempt to sabotage each
other's dog's scene time by distracting them with food, cats, and
dog whistles. Roger persuades Belinha to allow him to fly her
there in his private plane, which runs into trouble inflight,
forcing a landing on an apparently deserted island. Roger smears
raw chicken all over her golden shoes and when Amber Lee wears
them the dogs start to lick her shoes. Roland (Taye Diggs) is
getting married (and is currently missing) and Slim (Richard
Jones), who scoffs at the idea of marriage, is furious at Roland
for disappearing. Roland and Lisa get married. Romantic candles
burn down the front of the living room, and Dupree is kicked out.
Romantic comedy concerning Richard and his efforts to win back
his wife, whilst taking part in weekend re-enactments of Viking
battles. Romeo urges that he do likewise to birdie and win theS.
Romolo (Maurizio Arena) and Salvatore (Renato Salvatori) are two
young men that are neighbors and friends. Romolo and Salvatore,
their friendship recovered, ultimately get simultaneously engaged
with each other's sister. Ron also has his doubts about Celeste,
but more on the basis that he feels his brother is doing too much
too soon by asking to marry Celeste only a few days after they
first met. Ron tries to dissuade Steven from marrying Celeste on
the idea she is an illegal immigrant or planning economic
espionage, but then admits he is jealous his brother found his
dream girl whereas he will never find a girl like Princess
Stéphanie of Monaco. Ronny reacts furiously and passionately,
kissing Loretta (who responds to his kiss) and then carrying her
to his bed where they make love. Ronny then arrives, and Rose
notes their matching "love bites" and invites him for breakfast
over Loretta's objections. Roro (Fares Fares) and Måns (Torkel
Petersson) who are best friends, work at the park management and
get to do all the shit jobs - clean up duck ponds and pick up dog
poop. Roro's Swedish girlfriend Lisa (Tuva Novotny) wants to be
introduced to his family but he refuses for a long time because
of his Lebanese family traditions. Rosalee is awed by Los Angeles
and becomes tongue-tied in Tad's presence; the date does not go
well as Rosalee throws up in the limo and Tad mentioning his love
of animals—which Pete had warned was a signal of sexual
intentions—rouses her suspicions. Rosalie come out and follows
Yancy. Rosalind Reynolds (Esther Williams), a swimming star goes
to Hawaii to make a film set on a tropical island, bringing along
her fiancé, Ricardo Montez (Ricardo Montalban). Rosanna Arquette
is Paulette, his apprentice/assistant and former lover. Rose and
Topaz go to London with Mrs Cotton to purchase Rose's wedding
trousseau. Rose decides that she really is taken with Simon, and
Cassandra and Topaz scheme to get Simon to propose to her. Rose
invites Perry to dine with her, asks him why men pursue women,
and then shares with him her belief that men pursue women because
they fear death. Rose says it's petty to ask for such a small
amount of money back, then reveals that she dropped $900 on
eyeshadow and shoes. Rose tells Byron it's time to go, but Madea
snatches Byron's shirt, re-seating him. Rose then confronts Cosmo
and, after he acknowledges in response to her questioning that
she has been a good wife, demands that he end his affair; he is
upset but agrees and, after insistence from Rose, also agrees to
go to confession, and they then affirm their love for each other.
Rose, Mortmain's elder daughter, is a classic English beauty
pining away in the lonely castle, longing for a chance to meet
eligible and preferably rich young men. Rosemary decides to leave
the country to rejoin the Peace Corps. Rosemary informs Hal she
is still leaving on her Peace Corps mission. Rosemary initially
rebuffs Hal's presence, but then accepts his apology when Hal
professes his love for her. Rosemary is morbidly obese, but Hal
sees a slender and beautiful trophy blonde. Rosemary's family's
life is in contrast to Gabe's; he lives with his soon-to-be-
divorcing parents, who have declared an awkward truce while
waiting for their divorce to be finalized. Rosemary's parents
take him and Rosemary to hear a jazz pianist at The Carlyle,
where the young twosome finally hold hands. Rosenberg also tries
burning Dracula's coffin with the vampire still inside, but is
arrested by hotel security. Rosenberg attempts to stake Dracula,
but as he moves in for the kill, the two fly off as bats
together. Rosenberg keeps Dracula's cape - the only thing his
stake had hit - which Ferguson borrows, hoping (since the cape
makes the wearer look stylish) it will help him on his wedding
anniversary. Rosenberg's increasingly erratic actions eventually
cause him to be locked up as a lunatic, but as mysterious cases
of blood-bank robberies and vampiric attacks begin to spread,
NYPD Lieutenant Ferguson starts to believe the psychiatrist's
claims and gets him released. Rosenberg's numerous methods to
combat Dracula - mirrors, garlic, a Star of David (which he uses
instead of the cross), and hypnosis - are easily averted by the
Count. Rosie (Michelle Pfeiffer), is a 40-year-old divorced
mother who works as a scriptwriter and producer for a TV show You
Go Girl. Rosie Sturges (Joan Blondell) is a Kansas City
manicurist, who has a gangster boyfriend name Dynamite Carson
(Robert Armstrong). Rosie and Marie learn that a millionaire is
on board the ship, and they pose as French manicurists to enter
his room. Rosie and Marie persuade the two men into paying for
their ship fares and also buying them new clothes. Rosie angrily
breaks up with him. Rosie continues to be nervous when she hears
a recording of Adam flirting with Brianna (he had been encouraged
to in order to keep her calm and the center of attention). Rosie
is insecure about her age, and uses cosmetics to maintain her
appearance. Rosie is nervous about the age difference, but when
he goes onto the dance floor at the nightclub, she realizes he is
as free spirited as her, and joins him. Rosie's friend Marie
Callahan (Glenda Farrell) a fellow manicurist and roommate, urges
Rosie to drop Dynamite and go after the three things a girl
really needs "money, fur and diamonds". Ross has to choose
between her and Robin. Ross is caught in a love triangle with two
women: childish, insensitive club singer Robin (Stella Stevens),
and sweet Laurel (Laurel Goodwin). Rossini's men abduct Jim from
his own wedding as he is about to take his vows, but Rossini
arrives before they leave. Rossini, who has just organized a
bootlegging gang, learns of Jim's trip to the office from his
assistant, Flash (Stander), who is suspicious of Jim and has been
tailing him. Rothbart (Jack Palance) is an evil sorcerer who
wishes to take William's kingdom for himself, by mastering a type
of dark magic known as The Forbidden Arts. Rothbart enters and
shows Derek the fake Odette's true form, Bridget. Rothbart
transforms into the Great Animal. Round the corner Shadow sees a
house on fire and remembers it holds that little boy named Tucker
and his cat they met earlier before Chance scared him back
inside. Rover begins to miss his life on the farm. Rover has
difficulty adjusting to life on the farm, but with the help of
Daisy, the beautiful dog next door, and the other dogs on the
farm, he succeeds in earning his keep. Rover is reunited with
Daisy, who reveals to him that he is now a father, unveiling six
puppies. Rover lives a life of fun in Las Vegas with his owner
Connie, a showgirl. Rover manages to fight the wolves off, and
brings the other farm dogs to get the injured Cal home. Rover
spends Christmas with the family, and begins to fall in love with
Daisy, who returns his affections. Rover tries to save the
turkey, but ends up caught by Cal while holding the dead bird,
looking as if he killed it. Rover's heroics make the papers,
allowing Eddie and Connie to find out where he is. Roxanna and
Ozzy go to the local ice rink to talk, and Roxanna tells him that
she really isn't much of a star since she has only had a few
small roles in TV and commercials and can't really get a big
part. Roxanna gets a call from her agent, and when she returns,
it appears as she has not gotten the part. Roxanna mentions
returning home since her career isn't going anywhere, and her mom
may need her around during the divorce. Roxanna, Jesse and
Mauricio end up in a bar to drink/party to vent off some tension.
Roxanna, receives a call from her agent (with no actual news
regarding the new part), goes outside to answer the phone and
have a smoke. Roxy and Isabel's parents arrive from the US, which
further complicates things when Edgar 's wife, Amelie, discovers
the affair through Edgar's sister and Roxy's mother-in-law. Roxy
is pregnant, but her husband has just walked out on her without
explanation. Roxy refuses to divorce him. Roy "Tin Cup" McAvoy
(Kevin Costner) is a former golf prodigy who has little ambition.
Roy Barnes) and follow them on board a ship bound for Paris. Roy
Tada (Yoshio Yoda) team up with Monk to flush out the wily thief
hiding in the hills. Roy asks for the 3-Wood and Romeo snaps it
in half as well. Roy brags that he could make it, and spectators
make bets among themselves. Roy challenges anyone to a bet that
he can finish the Back-9 with only a 7-Iron and everyone
reluctantly refuses, but he amazingly still manages to qualify.
Roy falls for Dia (Freida Pinto), a musicologist he sees through
a window near his and Sally’s flat, who is engaged to another
man. Roy insists on breaking the course record, but Romeo
inplores him to play safely to qualify for theS. Roy is
immediately attracted to her, but she sees through his charm and
resists. Roy is informed that there was a mix-up of the people
killed in the accident and is shocked to hear that the friend
whose manuscript he stole is actually in coma and recovering. Roy
steals it, and claims it is his work. Roy thinks he is being
invited to play, but Simms actually wants to hire him as a caddy
(since Roy knows the course). Roy turns out to be the jewel
thief, Barbara's father will get her marriage annulled, and the
couple embrace. Roy's book is rejected. Roy, another one of
Sproggs' drivers, tries to pick her up, but Bob knocks him down.
Roy, for the 4th day in a row, takes his shot and it reaches the
green, but then "a little gust from the gods"&mdash;a sudden
contrary wind&mdash;starts his ball rolling back, downhill into
the water hazard. Roz tells Doris that she's deluded and that
she's making a huge mistake by going after John, but an
infatuated Doris refuses to listen. Ruby fights with Calvin once
more. Ruby finds them and believes he is cheating on her. Ruby is
confused by his behavior and insists on coming along, but he
leaves her to shop while he meets Mabel (Alia Shawkat), a young
fan of his book who had given him her number. Ruby kisses Bucky
on the lips &ndash; confusing but deeply touching Hank. Ruby
points out that Viola's efforts against Charlie to make Kevin
happy are unwarranted. Ruby returns to Calvin's house full-time
but becomes incredibly clingy toward him, afraid to leave his
side for even a second. Ruby tells Calvin how lonely she is and
suggests they start spending less time together. Ruby's happy
spirit begins to dampen at Calvin's increased gloominess. Ruby,
exhausted, collapses to the floor. Rudi begins to fall in love
with Anni, but she is more attracted to Giulio. Rudolpha must
ride since the deers have not come back. Rufus and Schmidt
discuss a merger, but plans are stalled until Angela reminds them
that she owns the rights to Cocktail Toothpaste and will only
turn them over to a merged company. Rufus is losing sales to
rival company own by Schmidts (Al Shean). Rufus, played by Rowan
Atkinson, is the jewellery salesman, whose obsessive attention to
gift-wrapping nearly results in Harry being caught buying a
necklace for Mia by Karen. Rugen follows Humperdinck's secret
instructions to not release Westley, but to take him to the fifth
level of his underground hunting arena, the "Zoo of Death".
Ruggles' new masters, crude nouveau riche American millionaires
Egbert and Effie Floud (Charlie Ruggles and Mary Boland), bring
Ruggles back to Red Gap, Washington, a remote Western boomtown.
Rule 1 Be honest Rule 2 Believe in fairy tales Rule 3 Accept time
as our friend Rule 4 Make sure the nookie is good Rule 5 Promote
beauty. Ruled over by tyrannical, control-freak cruise director
Gil Godwyn ("a song and dance man raised on a military base"),
they do their best, despite Charlie's not actually being able to
dance. Rumors circle that Scott's career would end quickly if he
did not recover by the playoffs, which causes Morgan to leave
Scott through a letter. Running out of money, Eddie gets a job in
the deli section of the bar. Running out of money, Omar and
Johnny sell one of Salim's drug deliveries to make cash for the
laundrette's substantial renovation. Running out of time, Stephen
asks Kendal to marry him. Running through the crowd to avoid the
cops, Patricia loses one of her colored contact lenses. Rushed to
the hospital, Danny cannot be revived, but as the doctor is
telling Denise that her husband is dead he reanimates on his own.
Rushing across a street of busy traffic, he fails to see which
way she went, and only finds the final lipstick-marked paper
airplane. Rushing back into the store, she begs him to teach her
how to cook ramen. Rushon asks Nikki out to dinner, but Nikki
wants it to be a double date. Russ Columbo ('You Call It Madness
But I Call It Love'), Morton Downey ('Remember Me. Russ and Mitzi
end up down at the hotel bar where they realize they see eye-to-
eye on things; they decide to go to the Mauhana Room. Russ
decides to cancel Gidget's room reservation and make arrangements
for her to stay with a relative so that she can be with Jeff.
Russ feels bad and decides to send a message to Jeff, suggesting
that he come out to Hawaii to surprise Gidget and make her feel
better. Russ plays along and goes to tell Dorothy to "get your
half of what I got". Russell abruptly quits and he and Mary move
to Colorado. Russell is lauded as a hero for making the effort
despite the threat, which turned out to be a hoax. Russell
quickly proves to be exceptionally capable of handling the
increased workload by using unorthodox and risky methods.
Russia's Tsar Alexander is traveling incognito among the people
in the tradition of his ancestor Peter the Great, coming across a
witty and charming Viennese glove seller, the young Christel
Weinzinger. Russo has met the taxi driver en route from a meeting
at which he was assigned to follow Angela Niotes (Audrey
Hepburn), wife of a European tycoon. Russo's pursuit of Angela
leads him to fall in love with her. Rusty and his friend Jason
bribe their way into a party held by Kate's boyfriend, Glen
(Patrick Schwarzenegger). Rusty asks if he did the same when
Erica left, prompting Bill to ground him. Rusty gives Kate a copy
of It, his favorite novel, and she gives him her favorite album.
Rusty goes to have Thanksgiving with Erica and Martin, but Sam
refuses, citing Erica's perceived betrayal of Bill. Rusty
inadvertently sees Kate and Glen doing cocaine in the bathroom,
leaving him dispirited. Rusty reads a poem in class about an
angel. Rusty soon falls in love with Lucky, and immediately tries
to change him into what she wants. Rusty writes a story entitled
"I've Just Seen A Face" (after the Beatles song of the same name,
which he told Sam he hears when thinking of Kate) and finds it
therapeutic. Rusty's watch over Valerie eventually leads to the
two of them falling in love (after Rusty walks Valerie to her
motel room, serenading her with "Puppet on a String"). Ruth is
later taken hostage at her apartment by Butch and Mike, but the
gang sneaks into the apartment and attacks the thugs. Ruth makes
a deal with Kemple not to agree to the dinner, but changes her
mind when Klucke agrees to listen to Holmes’ song if she
accompanies him. Ruth storms into the office, with Andy in tow,
and threatens to tell Fred about the affair. Ruth tells Tom about
Bill's father, a Vietnam War veteran, who is implied to have died
in the war. Ruth works for a music publisher, Kemple and Klucke,
and plots to get them to publish Holmes song. Rutland meddles in
the young couple's romantic troubles. Rutland sets about playing
matchmaker for the two young people, in spite of their disparate
personalities and Easton’s engagement to boringly dependable
British diplomat, Julius Haversack (John Standing). Rutland then
sublets half of his half of the cramped space to American Olympic
competitor Steve Davis (Jim Hutton). Ryan Banks is a struggling
movie star. Ryan Dunne (Freddie Prinze, Jr) is a local baseball
prospect who gets an opportunity to play in the Cape Cod Baseball
League for the Chatham Athletics. Ryan and Page are caught in
bed, and reveal everything to Cindy. Ryan and Page are engaged,
and Ryan has since become a successful columnist in his own
right. Ryan and Tiffani both wanted to help get Casey and Zack
together, so they shut the door and lock them in a room together
to talk through it. Ryan asks her to leave, and after several
attempts to seduce him, she reluctantly agrees, seeing people
attack and cannibalize each other. Ryan begins to develop
feelings for Page, feelings which turn out to be mutual, and they
both have sex. Ryan comes over to break it up, but is stopped by
his brother Mike and told to go outside. Ryan comes to their
aide, getting all four of them out unharmed, but the brand new
press box is a total loss. Ryan confesses he can't stop thinking
about her and kisses her, but when Jenny protests that they are
friends he tells her that he's going home, and drives off. Ryan
is reunited with Stacy, and Ryan's father, Frank, reveals that
his water treatment plant spread the zombie virus to the town.
Ryan loses most of his own, and much of his clients' money in
light of the news. Ryan pretends to be gay to piss Tiffani off,
so he accepts Zack's date, but later bails. Ryan proclaims his
love for Jenny but is then forced out by Jason's bodyguard. Ryan
returns home from the game, to find his dad drunk and upset about
the loss. Ryan tells him off, then leaves the party. Ryan tells
the mayor that Deb is a reporter who has evidence on him hidden
in her car's trunk, and Ruby kills the mayor when he
investigates. Ryan tries to get another job at another brokerage,
but his license is revoked. Ryan uses his brokerage skills to
make some money off the combination of Cindy and Simpson. Ryan's
dad and Mike arrives with the scout Alexander, to tell him that
his team held onto the no hitter for him, and won the game. Ryan,
ecstatic that this could be his big break, calls all his clients
and informs them of the huge deal that is going to happen and
they all place large amounts of money into the merger. Ryan, in
his dedication to making the pros, he has sworn off girls and
beer to avoid distractions, even to the point of sleeping on the
field the night before the first practice. Ryan, now near
bankrupt, sells his possessions and moves in with his girlfriend,
Cindy. Ryan, since he can't get another job anywhere else, lies
to the editor Page Hensen (Angie Harmon) and takes over the
column. Ryden Malby graduates from college in the middle of the
late-2000s recession and is forced to move back in with her
parents, because her dream job has been given to her arrogant
college nemesis Jessica Bard. Ryden and her best friend Adam, who
has had a longtime crush on her, must find a job for Ryden before
she loses hope for her future dream as an editor of a big
publishing company, but her ambitions for getting a job blinded
her from noticing that Adam was giving up going to New York in
hopes that one day she will feel about him the same way he does
for her. Sabrina Watson (Paula Patton) is the only child of the
wealthy Watson family; her mother Claudine  (Angela Bassett) and
father Greg Watson (Brian Stokes Mitchell) live in Martha's
Vineyard. Sabrina closes the door on him but they make up through
text; however, they have doubts about their wedding. Sabrina goes
back home to dress. Sabrina starts the film having another affair
with Bobby, a cheating stud. Sabrina talks to her friends during
the cocktail party, one of them being her maid of honor Blythe
(Meagan Good). Sabrina's mother is running the wedding. Sack
interrupts, but Claire finally tells him that she can't marry
him. Sack tries to attack John, but Jeremy intervenes to knock
him out, and John and Claire kiss. Sadie Freytag (Minna Gombell)
who is married to August Freytag, the creator of the beauty
contest is jealous of Gloria and decides to kidnap her, so the
prize will go to someone else instead. Sadie Jones (Mandy Moore)
has always longed to marry the man of her dreams in her family
church. Sadiq reveals to her that he had turned off the phone
because he knew what her choice would be; a gift she had given
him had been addressed to Frederick. Sadiq, too, is a writer, and
he seems far more affectionate towards Jemima than Frederick.
Said by a very confused Gus. Sailing back home, Venice is
followed by more gossip, including some about Guy. Sailing back
to New York City, Prudence sees her parents from the ship's rail
and begins to disembark. Sailing from New York she picks the
wrong man as a protective consort, providing two potential
romantic interests. Sailor Kewpie Wiggins (Allen Jenkins) is in
love with Gloria, when he wins all their prizes with his skill at
tossing rings, he learns that Gloria and Mae are broke. Sakall)
is reluctant to take on more staff, she wins a job by persuading
a wealthy matron, through her singing and musical expertise, to
buy a harp at almost $25 over Oberkugen's list price. Sakall) to
attend one of the plays she is in. Sakall), who has been
providing her with the recipes for her articles. Sal and Chester
Hooton (Lamour and Hope), an old married couple, are visited by
their equally old friend Duke Johnson (Crosby), and the three
reminisce about their previous adventure in the Klondike. Sal
arrives in Alaska and meets with Ace Larson (Douglass Dumbrille),
a saloon owner and friend of her father. Sal manages to get on
the last boat to Alaska before McGurk and Sperry. Sal plays up to
both of them and sends a note to Chester. Sal reluctantly agrees
to steal the map while the men sleep, and the two girls leave the
next morning with Lebec. Sal sends him away but tells him to
return at midnight. Sal tells Ace she'll only give up the map if
he refuses to kill Duke and Chester, but instead he forms a posse
to dispose of them. Sal, now realizing how much she loves Duke,
refuses to go along with the plan. Sales skyrocket, as housewives
and women around the world buy the book and rebel against their
men; Catcher now wants to meet Barbara, but now it is she who
rejects him. Salim drives Johnny and Omar to view one of the
properties, and he expresses his dislike of the British non-
working punks in Johnny's gang. Sally Bates (Isabel Jewell)
leaves Texas, headed for Hollywood, in the 30’s. Sally Warren
runs a horse farm, but husband Jeff has a dislike and fear of
horses. Sally and Harold are speeding along in one of the boats.
Sally and Marty went to her room to get her stuff but was chased
by her parents as they leave the house. Sally and her daughters
return to the Owens home to live with the aunts, and realize that
the aunts cast a spell so she could fall in love. Sally asks if
she can use his phone, and calls Jack. Sally backtracks and
claims she was kidding. Sally began to wonder where Nick is for
sometime. Sally brings Marty to a dumpster where she reveals the
"secret project" that she worked on, a hideout full of gadgets.
Sally considers having an affair with Greg (Antonio Banderas),
her new boss at an art gallery who she confesses she has feelings
for but Greg confesses he is having trouble at home and
eventually it turns out he is having an affair with Iris (Anna
Friel), Sally's protégée. Sally continues seeing Dustin. Sally
decides that she and her daughters will not perform magic. Sally
disagrees with it and the topic of their conversation changed.
Sally disappears with Freddie, and Peter begs his wife Delilah
for forgiveness, and gets it. Sally discovers that Jimmy's spirit
has possessed Gillian's body and Gary sees Jimmy's spirit emerge.
Sally finds him there and takes him to her place, putting him to
bed on a pull-out next to her bed. Sally had another boyfriend
and Marty had a girlfriend. Sally in turn buys Jeff a desk that
belonged to Jefferson Davis, but the Dames claim it's a fake and
one of them, Mary Lou Medford, makes a pass at Jeff. Sally
invites George to a New Year's Eve party. Sally is at the airport
with Dustin. Sally is furious. Sally is outraged when she hears
about the settlement and is more interested in Freddie, now that
Delilah has bought him a new motorcycle. Sally is so humiliated,
when Clara rips off the dress Jack gave her, at a nightclub, she
ends up at his hotel room, married to Jack, after an ill-
conceived night of drinking. Sally is the more gifted of the two
while Gillian's talents are more in charm and persuasion, and
have been subject to ridicule during their youth. Sally kills him
again, and the sisters bury his remains in their home's garden.
Sally kisses back but breaks away. Sally later sends a "Book of
Happy", an interactive pop-out book depicting their adventures,
to Marty to cheer him up. Sally makes them stop when she sees
that the effort might kill Gillian. Sally meets and marries
Michael, a local apple salesman. Sally puts belladonna into
Jimmy's tequila, inadvertently killing him. Sally quits her job
and asks Helena for a loan she promised, for setting up her own
art gallery, but Helena refuses because according to Cristal it
is astrologically a bad time. Sally receives a letter from Gary
telling her that she and her sister are cleared of any suspicion
of wrongdoing in Jimmy's case and Gary returns to Massachusetts
to be with Sally. Sally remarks that her parents doesn't like her
to take a course in Fine Arts anyway. Sally revealed that she was
grounded after her new mobile phone bought for her by her
boyfriend Nick was found out by her parents who forbids her to
own a mobile phone. Sally reveals that she broke up with her
boyfriend and Marty said that his girlfriend has emigrated to
Australia. Sally said that she won't be allow to take Fine Arts
if she won't broke up with Nick. Sally says that she plans to
sell the comics with his autograph when he becomes famous. Sally
secretly gave Marty, Nick's contact number. Sally sneaks out of
his house one evening and was fetched by Marty who brings her to
a shopping mall. Sally tells him that she loves him too and
promises they'll be together one day. Sally walks in and joins
him looking at the painting as the film closes. Sally's advances
on Peter makes Freddie very jealous. Sally, however, encourages
Buster and suggests he film anything and everything. Sally,
realizing she must embrace magic to save her sister, asks the aid
of the townswomen and they form a coven to exorcise Jimmy's
spirit. Sally’s friendly and easy going manner is very popular,
with the customers; but, Bill gets jealous when Jack (Regis
Toomey), the reckless, younger brother of his well-to-do
girlfriend Clara (Sally Blane), starts paying Sally attention,
following her around in his roadster. Salsa dancing and 'El
Corazon', a London Salsa Club provide the backdrop for the love-
inspired efforts of three unlikely romantics:  Fergus (David
Morrissey), who arrives in London from his native Liverpool, on a
search for Maureen ('Mo') Docherty (Jane Horrocks), the high-
school sweetheart he jilted years ago. Sam Clayton is too good
for his own good. Sam and Baggy are two non-committal slackers
who while their time away with nonsensical affairs while dreaming
of greater things in life. Sam and Charlotte are divorcing after
forty years of marriage. Sam and Charlotte continue arguing while
preparing dinner. Sam and Charlotte reconcile. Sam and Josie grow
closer, but Sam struggles with his feelings as he thinks she's a
student. Sam and Lu feel better about life, particularly when
Borden surprises him with a promotion at work. Sam and Renata get
married, with Sam relocating his business from New York to Boston
so he can spend as much time with Renata as possible. Sam and
Suzy never make it onto the crabbing boat, and instead are
pursued by Suzy's parents, Captain Sharp, Social Services and the
Scouts of Fort Lebanon under the command of Scoutmaster Ward, who
displays great leadership after Commander Pierce is
incapacitated. Sam and Suzy, both introverted, intelligent and
mature for their age, met in the summer of 1964 during a church
performance of Noye's Fludde and have been pen pals since then.
Sam and his wife Miriam are living mundane lives in Naples,
Florida. Sam and the maid of honor head upstairs to be alone,
where he encourages and enjoys her seductive ways but eventually
turns down sex, realizing that he tells Miriam about all the
wonderful things that happen in his life, and telling her about
this soon-to-be wonderful moment would devastate her. Sam begins
dating a co-worker Victoria, whom Jonah dislikes. Sam brings
camping equipment, and Suzy brings her binoculars, six books, her
kitten, and her brother's battery-powered record player. Sam
catches Jjaks in the act and they have a fight. Sam confides in
her online pen pal "Nomad" about her dream to attend Princeton, a
dream which he also shares. Sam ends up getting shot when Jjaks
and Freddie try to defend themselves. Sam ends up shooting and
killing Red after a brief skirmish and collects the $50,000 from
a safe. Sam even gets robbed, and the bank refuses to make him a
loan. Sam finds that she was in fact accepted by Princeton; the
acceptance letter is retrieved from the garbage by her
stepsisters, who knew where Fiona hid it. Sam greets Joanna, who
has returned with her mother from America, and Daniel is joined
by his new girlfriend Carol and her son. Sam has a party for the
launch of her book, where Bill makes a speech about the process
of writing, quoting What We Talk About When We Talk About Love,
his favorite book. Sam has fallen for an American classmate, also
named Joanna (Olivia Olson), and, after discussion with his
stepfather, decides to learn the drums so that he can accompany
her in the big finale for their school's Christmas pageant (the
same one that Natalie's nephew and Karen and Harry's children are
in). Sam invites Tess on a date to a baseball game, and she
inadvertently breaks the "men only" atmosphere of the press box.
Sam is a department store manager whose boss,C. Sam is a
knowledgeable and informed sports writer. Sam is covering a
championship boxing match that evening and tells her he cannot
go. Sam is humbled by this and agrees to go out with Lou. Sam is
hurt by her lies and states he wants nothing to do with her. Sam
is reluctant to reveal her identity to Austin, feeling that he
will not accept her due to her being ordinary and Austin being
popular. Sam is unhappy, too. Sam meets the maid of honor from
the night before, who begins flirting with him to his delight.
Sam now calls a friend, Detective Ben Costikyan (Dan Aykroyd),
who promptly arrests Jjaks. Sam panics because the quiz contains
sensitive information, such as she is a virgin and is saving
herself for Jake. Sam passes away while still holding his child.
Sam runs away from the airport security and says hi to Joanna,
who then kisses him on the cheek. Sam says she can tell everyone
he had more important plans. Sam soon finds out that he is one of
only two students in Gro Vont High School who can read. Sam
splits from his father and rejoins the Wonders, bringing with him
an old friend of theirs, Jumbo. Sam struggles to cope socially at
North Valley High School, where queen bee, cheerleader Shelby
Cummings, also torments her and calls her "Diner Girl" along with
other members of the popular clique. Sam takes Gerald outside,
the bottle smashes, and Sam returns, claiming to have "launched"
Gerald. Sam tells her this is the first time he is disappointed
in her, faulting her for going to extremes. Sam then decides to
give up her dreams and resigns herself to working at the diner,
but Rhonda gives Sam a pep talk not to lose hope. Sam then sees
her father's words, "Never let the fear of striking out keep you
from playing the game," and regains her confidence (in real life
this quote came from Babe Ruth). Sam's a shoulder for clerk
Shirley Mae to cry on when her romance breaks up. Sam's
stepsisters discover Sam and Austin's email relationship, and
(after having failed to convince Austin that one of them is the
owner of the phone) convince Shelby that Sam tried to steal
Austin from her. Sam, however, has fallen in love with Kitty and
has a guilty conscience about what he has done. Sam, wearing a
mask and a beautiful white dress, meets "Nomad" at the dance, and
is surprised to learn that he is Austin, who had become smitten
with her upon her entrance. Samantha "Sam" Montgomery lives in
the San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles, with her widowed
father Hal, who runs a popular sports-themed diner. Samantha
(Courteney Cox) is a travel journalist who is still recovering
from the break-up with her last boyfriend, when her psychiatrist
(Carol Kane) ironically suffers a nervous breakdown. Samantha
Crain is a glamorous supermodel who has everything -- except for
true love. Samantha agrees to be his girlfriend, then Top admits
he will not die. Samantha also discovers that Top is not just a
common gangster, but the leader of the Lucky 13, the most
notorious gang of the district known for their many achievements
in many fields, wealth and gang fights. Samantha and Audrey
finally make peace of their dislike toward each other. Samantha
and Red return home and Samantha realizes that Top could be at
his beach house. Samantha asks him to leave, with her ending up
their relationship because no one can do anything. Samantha
begins to realize that Leroy was not who he appeared to be when
they first met. Samantha believes that Top is just playing on
her, so she confronts Audrey. Samantha calls Top an ex-convict
and he was stunned of what he heard, as Red takes Samantha home
telling her that Top is not really a bad guy and it was the
second time that Top saves her as the first was a mistaken
identity caused by Samantha. Samantha counsels Carrie to wait
before deciding anything. Samantha decides to go home in order to
save Top from being jailed. Samantha discovers that Lee and his
parents lied to him because they want her to get married to
another man. Samantha gets kidnapped by Bernie in order to get
the pistol from Margolese. Samantha gets the upper hand and kills
Bernie with the pistol he desperately needed. Samantha invites
Top to a date to make peace of what she has said. Samantha is
badly hurt that Top broke up with her, then Audrey told her that
Top was an ex-convict. Samantha joins the scene as she thought
that the guy is cheating on her friend, whom she calls a cheater,
a liar and rude as she slaps him and her friends drag her away
from the scene. Samantha meets Chris's mother and 18-year-old
brother Mike (Christopher Marquette) who has an enormous crush on
Samantha. Samantha realizes this and she intends to leave but she
was threatened by Top to try to avoid him. Samantha saw him as
she realizes that he lost his sight as Top asks God for a miracle
because he badly needs one as Samantha/Miracle hugs Top/Timothy
with so much tears of joy of their reunion. Samantha was told by
her parents that they will be leaving for France together with
Red. Samantha, badly mad that she will get married to her
boyfriend's best friend, tries to convince Red to refuse the
marriage, as an angry Top confronts Red because of his betrayal
to him. Sammy Smalls, a 21-year-old tomboy, works as a grocery
store detective at Big Apple Food Town. Sammy concocts a plan to
gain sexual experience to impress Eugene which leads her into
many sexual misadventures. Sammy dislikes her job, but she can't
quit, as she would have to move back in with her overbearing
parents. Sammy meets and becomes infatuated with Eugene
Zaslavsky, an equally quirky musician who performs outside her
grocery store. Samuel is a psychoanalyst. Samuel is against the
idea of marriage as he is happy with how things are between them.
Samuel is confused and unsure about what to do. Samuel says all
should drink a toast to his wife to be and Hearn is sure it is
her, until Minta comes down the stairs in an attractive dress.
Samuel tries to contact her but she does not respond. Samuel's
fears mount due to his encounters with overbearing couple Marty
and Gail Dwyer and their unruly children, as well as the
confusing advice he gets from Sean, his perpetually single artist
friend. Sandie tries to get Jhnelle to talk to him for closure
but Jhnelle refuses saying she just wants to work on her album.
Sandra is a fish out of water next to her outspoken, serial
dating, free spirited sibling who lives on an inner-city council
estate. Sandra, his devoted long-suffering assistant and Norman
decide to leave the theatre to fulfill her dream of being a
professional singer and unexpectedly enjoying a late blossoming
romance. Sandy and Les, who are all watching at home, react with
the same level of shock as the cast and crew of the show. Sandy
is promoted at her sports news job to anchor. Sandy rents an
apartment above a coffee house and befriends one of the baristas,
Aram Finklestein (Justin Bartha). Sandy revives Tony, but slaps
him when he makes a pass at her. Sandy's feelings for Darren are
reawakened, but the pair's attempted date is ruined by Darren's
preoccupation with Judith. Sandy, disheartened, returns to the
convent again. Sandy, disheartened, returns to the convent, but
Darren snaps out of it and runs the 30 miles there to win her
back. Sandy, who is celebrating another promotion with her
children and a colleague, invites Aram and his family to join
them. Santa/Scott is now pressed to get married before the next
Christmas Eve, or the clause will be broken and Christmas will
fade away. Santo notices it, but stoically continues playing.
Sara Davis (Leah Pipes), a 15-year-old female soccer prodigy, has
a chance to join theS. Sara and Joe stay overnight at a hotel,
and Joe tells Sara of his dream of owning a vineyard. Sara and
Joe trail Gordon to his ranch, but Gordon evades them. Sara is a
radio disc jockey. Sara, coached by her father Gil (Scott
Patterson), sacrifices her interest in dance, photography, and
her social life to concentrate on her sport. Sarah (Laura Linney)
first appears at Juliet and Peter's wedding, sitting next to her
friend Jamie. Sarah Michelle Gellar stars as Brett Eisenberg, an
ambitious yet unconfident middle aged woman New York City
assistant book editor living in the literary hotbed of
Manhattan's Upper East Side. Sarah Nolan, an attractive 40-year-
old divorced preschool teacher, is urged by her family to date
more. Sarah acknowledges that her ex-husband is now with a woman
fifteen years younger than she with a baby on the way. Sarah and
Jake go on a dinner date where he asks her why she is not with
her husband anymore. Sarah and Karl's evening tryst is aborted
and Karl leaves. Sarah arrives home to find her brother Michael,
who is drunkenly dealing with his own marital problems, and Jake,
who has been taking care of him. Sarah assumes they are on a
date, and while fleeing the scene she drops her wallet. Sarah
begs Carl to quit the cafe and take them to a safer place
("Evermore and a Day"; "Dear Little Café"). Sarah feels isolated
when she discovers she's pregnant and pulls away from Jonathan
without explanation. Sarah flees again, and when Sherry asks Jake
up to her apartment, he declines and instead walks home. Sarah
gets back to the house and finds out that everyone has left.
Sarah gets drunk so Peter takes her back to the hotel. Sarah gets
hammered and starts dancing with Mauricio, who can't dance at all
but does so anyway. Sarah grabs Judith, trying to prevent her
from leaving. Sarah greets Anna and it is evident that she is not
exactly comfortable around her in-laws but she is making an
effort, even speaking a bit of Spanish. Sarah has become world-
famous as an interpreter of Carl's song ("Alas. Sarah has moved
out and Tom wants to get back with her. Sarah hears them through
the wall and initiates sex with Aldous, moaning loudly for the
benefit of the couple next door, and Rachel and Peter turn the
situation into a competition and become even louder. Sarah is
asked to dance with an army captain who handles her boldly and
steals a kiss on the dance floor ("Kiss Me"). Sarah is attracted
to him but does not want anything complicated. Sarah leaves
abruptly but agrees to see him again. Sarah notices Jake leaving
the theater afterward, but while discussing the film with him she
notices Sherry and realizes the two of them are on a date. Sarah
proceeds to suffer through several disastrous dates with men who
cannot stop crying, are criminal, or like girls who are barely
legal. Sarah rejects him saying that she is pregnant and the
child is not his. Sarah runs into Peter, who is staying at their
hotel on business. Sarah visits the hospital to get an abortion.
Sarah witnesses the reconciliation and sneaks away to go find her
son and move on with her life. Sarah's family finally accepts Tom
and Sarah's relationship. Sarah's sister Carol visits and they
discuss Bob Connor, a parent from school. Sarah, Aldous, Peter,
and Rachel later share an awkward dinner together. Sarah, an
artist, moves in with Kevin but struggles to overcome her
ambivalence. Sasha decides to get involved in the game himself.
Sasha is then approached by a former acquaintance, former addict,
Fabrizio (Mazzotta) who is looking for money to participate in an
upcoming poker game. Sassy goes in after him and looks for the
kitten. Satine contemplates on Christian and her longing to leave
the Moulin Rouge to become "a real actress" ("One Day I'll Fly
Away"). Satine mistakes Christian for the Duke, and dances with
him before retiring to her private chamber with him to discuss
things confidentially ("Rhythm of the Night", "Meet Me in the Red
Room"), but soon learns he is just a writer ("Your Song"). Satine
tells Christian that their relationship endangers the show, but
he counters by writing a secret love song to affirm their love
("Come What May"). Satisfied that Jenn has what it takes, Kelly
reveals that the adoption went through and that her offer was a
ruse to bolster her sister's conviction. Satisfying the
paramilitary group, they allow her to leave but say she must turn
back to the town. Sato agreed to the uneasy deal and made
preparations to pay Jimmy his exorbitant demands only for Sato's
girlfriend, Jenny (Faye Wong) to betray him and make off with the
money to Okinawa. Sauncho and Doc then decide to place a claim on
the schooner. Savannah "’Vannah" Jackson is a successful
television producer who holds on to the belief that one day her
married lover will leave his wife for her. Savannah ends up
dumping her married lover for good. Saying he loves Ruby, Calvin
asks Harry not to tell anyone of Ruby's origins. Scamp confesses
that he wishes to join the Junkyard Dogs, but their tough leader,
Buster, demands Scamp to pass a few tests. Scamp is surprised but
does not believe that Tramp used to be a Junkyard Dog. Scamp
snaps to Buster and accidentally reveals that Angel wants to be a
house pet. Scared by Agent Rivera's firearm, the girls decide to
take Tomás out of the house and wait until he wakes up and decide
which girl he wants to be with. Scat Sweeney and Hot Lips Barton,
two out-of-work musicians, travel the United States trying to
find work and stay away from girls. Scat and Hot Lips finally
figure things out and the boys head for the ceremony in order to
stop the wedding and to help catch the crooks. Scene 3  The next
morning, Otto is still asleep when Ernest calls on Gilda. Scenes
from the past show that Alison and Wes met two summers prior
while Alison's current boyfriend Kai was away at a super-
computing related conference. Schatze finds herself unable to go
through with the wedding and confesses toD. Schatze jokingly asks
Eben and Freddie about their financial prospects&mdash;which are
slim. Scheduled to ride Mitch's star horse in an equine contest,
Bill jealously decides to ride another entry instead. Schmidt
loves the idea and hires her under an assumed name to sell the
product. School is out and the teenagers head for the beach.
Schuyler is dead, Denno says, but he doesn't want the family to
know that. Schuyler's younger sister Nan is among those fooled.
Scoring a keg with his friend Stiles for a party, Scott and Boof
end up alone in a closet and Scott gets rough when they begin
making out, accidentally clawing Boof's back. Scott (Ryan
Phillippe) is a man who has been in and out of rehabilitation for
10 years and is haunted by the ghost of his dead mother pressing
him to return home to the family he turned his back on years ago.
Scott Heyward (Presley) rebels against the plans and expectations
of his father, extremely rich oil tycoon Duster Heyward
(Gregory). Scott Howard is a seventeen-year-old high school
student who is sick of being average. Scott abandons his family,
driving to Florida in his shiny red 1959 Chevrolet Corvette
Stingray Racer to find himself. Scott agrees to help Dianne land
Jamison, but ends up falling for her himself. Scott and Carol
have a three month honeymoon to go on the next day. Scott and
Fran are walking together and talking until they kiss, as they
were already in love. Scott and Tom make small talk, and a chance
remark by Tom gives Scott an idea: He switches identities with
Tom so he can find out how people react to him as an ordinary
person rather than a millionaire. Scott and Zelda, along with
Cole and his wife, Linda Lee Porter, go to another bar, Chez
Bricktop, where he sees Josephine Baker. Scott asks Elizabeth to
start over, indicating that he now has a crush on her, but
Elizabeth rejects him in favor of a relationship with Russell,
who she has learned she has a lot in common with. Scott attempts
to reconcile with Charlie, who keeps vandalizing his school to
get attention. Scott barges into the suite before she can give
Jamison an answer, but the obviously jealous playboy informs
Scott they are getting married right after he wins the race.
Scott becomes extremely upset, discouraged to continue recovery.
Scott becomes upset with Ramona's dating history, and Ramona
breaks up with him. Scott breaks up with Knives, who blames
Ramona and swears to win him back. Scott comes from a family with
a history of ballroom dancing and has been training since
childhood. Scott defeats Patel and learns that, in order to date
Ramona, he must defeat the remaining six evil exes. Scott defeats
Ramona's second evil ex, Hollywood actor and skateboarder Lucas
Lee, by tricking him into performing a dangerous stunt. Scott
goes after the Toy Santa, who has already left with the sleigh,
riding Chet, a reindeer-in-training, and they both crash back
into the village. Scott goes by himself as the Wolf and has a
great time. Scott is a suddenly single young man, who is known
for rushing into relationships. Scott is able to return to the
NBA right before the playoffs, winning his first game back. Scott
is convinced to dance with Liz instead of Fran so he can win "for
his father's sake". Scott is initially sceptical, but when Fran
introduces pasodoble steps into their routine, Scott realises her
potential. Scott is shown to answer a question correctly but he
does not know the reason behind it, he ignores the question.
Scott meets an American Amazonca delivery girl, Ramona Flowers,
having first seen her in a dream, and loses interest in Knives.
Scott must return to his home to search for a wife and set things
right with Charlie. Scott persuades boat builder Sam Burton
(Merrill) to allow him to rebuild the Rawhide, a damaged high-
performance boat, and drive it in the annual Orange Bowl Race,
which Jamison has won the last three years. Scott renounces using
the wolf all the time, quitting the play and the basketball team,
who have come to expect it. Scott reveals his secret to Stiles,
who agrees to keep it a secret, but when Scott becomes stressed
on the court at the next basketball game, he becomes the wolf and
helps win their first game in three years. Scott sends for some
"goop", an experimental coating his father spent a lot of money
trying (and failing) to perfect. Scott starts training with Liz,
while a heart-broken Fran goes back to the beginners' class.
Scott then offers to give Dianne a lift. Scott tries to back out,
but fails. Scott uses his 1-up to restore his life. Scott vows to
try harder as a dad, and he and Charlie reconcile. Scott's mother
Shirley teaches ballroom dancing, and his father Doug meekly
handles maintenance chores at the dance studio. Scott's steps are
not strictly ballroom. Scott, happy that Kate confessed, becomes
her lab partner again, and it is hinted the two will begin
dating. Scott, however, is being controlled by the evil minister,
who tells him to spy on the couple. Scrap's narration is revealed
to be a letter to Frankie's daughter, informing her of her
father's true character. Scrap, concerned when Frankie rejects
several offers for big fights, arranges a meeting for her with
Mickey Mack at a diner on her 33rd birthday. Sctanley, after
having lost the wager, directs them to Eden East, even though he
knows he was tricked by Dave. Scully, a local saloon keeper with
a pirate's mentality whom the Chesters met earlier, befriends
Jack and volunteers to help him on both counts. Sean agrees only
to postpone rhino to the end of the season. Sean and the group
rush to Arusha to catch her. Sean demands that Will hand over her
dowry. Sean had been a boxer in the United States, a heavyweight
challenger known as "Trooper Thorn". Sean hears that she left for
the station and drags her off the train. Sean is annoyed, but
under the contract with the zoo they must accommodate her. Sean
is surprised to find a strange woman sleeping in his bed. Sean
promptly throws the money into a nearby furnace which Mary Kate
holds open, showing that Mary Kate never cared about the money,
but only what it represented. Sean regains Mary Kate's love and
respect. Sean stands in the bed of the truck with a rope noose on
a long pole, and snags the animal by its head. Sean, unschooled
in Irish customs, cares nothing about the dowry, but to Mary Kate
the dowry represents her independence, identity, and pride.
Searching for the girl, he returns to her customary street corner
but does not find her. Seconds later, he is hit in the face again
– this time with a pie covered in whipped cream. Secretary
Mirabel Miller (Frances Dee) wins a lottery and decides to live
it up in a luxurious New York hotel (The Walsdorf-Plaza), where
she clashes with a bellboy (Francis Lederer) who is more than he
appears to be. Secretary of the Treasury, William Cleary
(Christopher Walken). Security guards run in and start to attack
Robert but he holds them off. Security staff see them through a
CCTV in the elevator and ask them to leave. Seeing Ben's good
news, Judy and Judy are instantly envious and set about to ruin
it for their co-worker. Seeing Ellen, he realizes how much he
misses her and agrees to all the union's demands, providing Ellen
agrees to dinner at his favorite restaurant. Seeing Freddie's
body in the room along with the gun, he briefly thinks that maybe
he killed Freddie. Seeing a chance to make up the money they lost
in the stock market crash, a fortune-hunting brother and sister,
Jack and Linda Gregory (Douglas Gilmore and Myrna Loy), get Kay
to agree to marry Jack. Seeing a hanging "love thy neighbor"
sampler, the father decides to bless the union and end the feud.
Seeing a potential gold mine, Charlie decides to muscle in on the
operation. Seeing an animal controller from the zoo pursuing her,
she spots some black and white paint nearby and paints herself to
look like a skunk, scaring the animal controller off. Seeing an
opportunity to achieve her goal, mrs Bennet sends her daughters
to a local ball where a wealthy bachelor, Charles Bingley, is
expected to make an appearance. Seeing an opportunity, Elvira
pretends to take the trip alone, but in fact sends singer Georgia
Garrett (Doris Day), a woman she'd met at the travel agency, in
her place and under her name. Seeing her best friend on the
floor, Hannah rushes to him. Seeing her read a book, he leaves
his wedding ring as a sign that he has moved on. Seeing his
father watching this and feeling even more alienated, Jarrod
falsely announces that he is dating Tracy. Seeing his friends
laughing, he believes they gave his name to Juilliard. Seeing his
wife take charge of the situation in an infinitely more capable
manner than if he were without her, Levin's love for Kitty grows.
Seeing how she tries to look for every chance to have sex with
him, Bill believes that Jojo doesn't love him like he does her,
and is only after him for sex, and breaks up with her. Seeing
that Cady is getting along with the Plastics, Janis hatches a
plan of revenge against Regina for some past slight, using Cady
as the infiltrator. Seeing that he has crushed the flower he
retrieved, the girl kindly offers him a fresh one and a coin.
Seeing that the water is glowing, Denise realizes that the
genetic material has reconstituted and that if Sherman drinks the
water before it dissipates, he will be restored to normal. Seeing
that trying to change Roy is a mistake, Molly encourages him to
be himself. Seeing the girl he has come to love suffer, Dick
decides to go away with mrs Donato and pay the people back.
Seeing the need of freedom from distraction, Rupert departs for
Dublin. Seeing the two together, he recalls in an involved
flashback sequence a nearly identical and complicated situation
from two years earlier when his wife was enamored of sculptor
Paul Martindale (Reginald Gardiner) in Palm Beach, Florida.
Seeing the wife's swollen ankles, she insists on helping instead.
Seeing the wrong name on the wristband on a child, Connie thinks
the hospital has messed up until she sees the wedding band still
on her finger. Seeing them together and Charles and Julia
together, Nancy realizes that she's the only one without a
partner; after talking it over with her mother, she decides to
attend on her own. Seeing them try to play like Living children
depresses R, and he is gripped with a feeding frenzy. Seeing
this, Roarer's wife Lucy finally stands up to her overbearing
husband and loans the money. Seeing through the window that Kay
has returned early, he panics and takes a taxi to the local
police station. Seeking refuge from a pursuing gang of outlaws,
the Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox join a wagon train of Mormons.
Seeking revenge, billionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), the
father of Susan Johnson (Cynthia Sikes), the wealthy woman whom
he jilted at the altar, takes control of his inheritance, leaving
him broke and homeless. Seeking the passion missing from her
marriage, and anxious to fill the void left when her close friend
Lord Charles (Bruce Greenwood) suggested they part ways to avoid
scandalous gossip, Julia embarks on a passionate affair with the
young man and begins to support him so he may enjoy the glamorous
lifestyle to which she has introduced him. Seeking the quiet she
needs to study for the part, Nancy follows her mother and
grandfather to Rio. Seeking to reestablish commonality, David
goes to the restroom and prepares to blind himself with a steak
knife. Seemingly supportive, Katharine encourages Tess to share
ideas. Seemingly unfazed, Rick simply walks away. Seizing the
chance to get even with Arlington, Antoinette rejoins the Wild
West Show. Seizing the moment, Ronny borrows the ring and asks
Loretta to marry him; she accepts. Seizing the opportunity, Dixon
instructs Viktor to go home to Krakozhia, threatening to cause
trouble for Viktor's friends by deporting them if he refuses.
Selling her comics and zines on the beach, Minnie runs into
Monroe. Semi-retired Mexican-American chef Martin Naranjo (Héctor
Elizondo) shares a suburban Los Angeles home with his three adult
daughters. Semple's scheming attorney, John Cedar (Douglass
Dumbrille), locates Deeds and takes him to New York City. Senate
committee, specifically about her divorce from lawyer Peter Webb
(Robert Cummings). Senator Jay Bulworth of California is losing
his bid for re-election to a fiery young populist. Senator Wilton
(George Irving), to get help from him raising money to save the
town. Senator. Sending a telegram to Oscar, she asks to meet him
at Barney's Chile Hacienda. Sensing that her underling could use
some fun, Eddie's boss—known only as Middleman (Kathleen Turner)
-- sets him up on a blind date with no-nonsense Lois Newton
(Regina King). Sensing that she needs to be with a strait-laced,
"boring guy," he conspires with Rhea's mother to fix her up with
his shy best friend, Mihir (Jimmy Shergill). Sensing this, Henry
becomes jealous and anxious for his unwelcome guest to finish and
depart. Separate, but related, story arcs, which revolve around
the employees of Lacuna, are revealed during Joel's memory
erasure. Separated, Lani and Bryan obliviously go in separate
directions. Sergeant Ames is still a buck sergeant who hates Dodo
because he advanced to outrank Ames within Dodo's first 24 hours
in the army. Sergeants Erlenheim and Greenbriar get into trouble
when they break down the door of her apartment, thinking they
will catch her in the act of reporting to the enemy, only to find
her presenting her findings to Martin. Sergei Ivanovich's
(Levin's brother) latest book is ignored by readers and critics
and he joins the new pan-Slavic movement. Sergei flirts with ms
Ungermeyer, who has gotten the class and Lizzie's family into the
concert by beating up the bouncers. Sergio declines the offer,
but one night the bakery is burnt to the ground anyway. Sergio is
a Toronto pastry shop assistant who is smitten with Hattie, a
mousy girl who works in her father Perry's diner and refuses to
consider a relationship with him until he begins to earn a decent
living. Sergio is offered $25,000 to take the blame by the
millionaire father of the real culprit, the mentally unstable
Garet, who set the bakery on fire as a public declaration of his
love for his society girlfriend Stephanie, whose attraction to
Sergio, unbeknownst to her vengeance-seeking beau, is unrequited.
Serving with the 3rd Armored "Spearhead" Division in West
Germany, McLean dreams of running his own nightclub when he
leaves the army, but such dreams don't come cheap. Set in 1958,
the coming-of-age story follows four Brooklyn teenagers known as
The Lords of Flatbush. Set in 1978 Chicago, Roll Bounce tells the
story of a boy named Xavier (Bow Wow) (nicknamed "X") whose
mother has passed, leaving him with his father, Curtis (Chi
McBride) and his sister, Sonya. Set in London in 1938, the film
focuses on highly successful and extremely popular theatre
actress Julia Lambert (Annette Bening), whose gradual
disillusionment with her career as she approaches middle age has
prompted her to ask her husband, stage director Michael Gosselyn
(Jeremy Irons), and his financial backer Dolly de Vries (Miriam
Margolyes) to close her current production to allow her time to
travel abroad. Set in London just prior to World War II, the film
is about a middle-aged, straitlaced vicar's daughter and
governess Guinevere Pettigrew (Frances McDormand), who has been
fired from her fourth job. Set in May 1929, the film focuses on
two sisters - Mayme (Clara Bow) and Janie (Jean Arthur) - as they
share an apartment in New York City. Set in New Jersey during the
Great Depression in 1935, the film tells the story of Cecilia
(Mia Farrow), a clumsy waitress who goes to the movies to escape
her bleak life and loveless, abusive marriage to Monk (Danny
Aiello), whom she has attempted to leave on numerous occasions.
Set in Nottinghamshire, Dek (Rhys Ifans) proposes to his
girlfriend Shirley (Shirley Henderson) on TV. Set in San
Francisco during the early 1900s, the film revolves around
Amarilly (Mary Pickford), the daughter of a widowed scrubwoman.
Set in the fictional town of Thayer, Massachusetts, the story
focuses on Meredith Morton (Sarah Jessica Parker), a successful
Manhattan executive whose uptight, conservative demeanor is a
sharp contrast to that of her boyfriend Everett Stone (Dermot
Mulroney) and his liberal and rambunctious family. Set in the
summer of 1976, the film follows the adventures of Drew Tate
(Larenz Tate), a shy 16-year-old from upstate New York, when he
and his family spend two weeks with affluent relatives on
Martha's Vineyard. Set nearly two years after the first film, in
the spring of 1974, Vada Sultenfuss (Chlumsky) sets out on a
quest to learn more about her deceased biological mother. Set to
the background of upscale Manhattan bars, lofts and apartments,
the guys engage in sharp banter and one-upsmanship. Setting out
to prove her worth, Epifania takes 35 shillings and heads for a
sweatshop pasta factory. Seventeen-year-old Isadore "Izzy"
Daniels (Corbin Bleu) is a star boxer in Brooklyn. Seventeen-
year-old Megan (Natasha Lyonne) is a sunny high school senior who
loves cheerleading and is dating football player Jared (Brandt
Wille). Several days later the group, dressed in hideous cowboy
costumes, goes to perform at the club Nikko and his old band,
Flux, had performed at in the beginning of the movie. Several
days later, Mary informs Nick that she immediately told Russell
about the affair, and that the confession has actually improved
their marriage. Several fire-fighter guests get paged and have to
rush off, but Lauren has learned that the love is what is most
important to making a 'perfect' ceremony, and the slight
disruption does not bother either the bride or groom. Several
months later on a typical night, Rhonda and Mariel go to a
nightclub. Several months later, at a bar with Ben, Jason
confides that he does have feelings for Julie, but that their
messy split makes acting on such feelings impossible. Several
months later, at the Iowa Writer's Workshop, Lester working on
his writing, and back in New York, Ramona has been going to dr
Poke for therapy. Several scenes in the movie are backed up by
classic songs of bygone times sung by notable and lesser known
divas; these are lip-synced by more or less the same troupe of
drag queens, a running gag throughout the film. Several town
locals, including the Catholic priest, Father Lonergan (Ward
Bond), conspire to trick him into believing that the wealthy
Widow Tillane (Mildred Natwick) wants to marry him, but only if
Mary Kate is no longer living in his house. Several weeks after
their one-night stand, Donna discovers that she is pregnant.
Several weeks later, Paulina reveals that Darrin forgot to enter
the choir into the auditions on time. Several weeks later,
Tammy's grandfather is arrested for making moonshine. Several
weeks later, at the company's raucous Christmas party,
Sheldrake's secretary Miss Olsen (Edie Adams), drunkenly reveals
to Fran that Fran is just the latest in a string of female
employees whom Sheldrake has seduced into affairs with the
promise of divorcing his wife, with Miss Olsen herself being one
of them. Several weeks may pass by before he gets back on the
ground. Several years later, as adults, Connor and Jenny
rekindled their romance, but Jenny forced him to woo her for
several weeks in an attempt to rid him of his womanizing ways.
Sex Bob-Omb accepts Gideon's record deal, except for Scott, who
leaves the band in protest. Seymour and Amber visit Johnny lying
in the hospital bed injured and decides to settle down. Seymour
takes the stolen credit card trying to buy a four fingered ring,
but a security alarm came on saying card stolen. Seymour tries to
escape but is caught by mall security and questioned by police.
Sgt. Shadow asks what it is for and Riley explains it takes dogs
of the streets to a place called the lab. Shadow comes out a few
moments later with Tucker right behind him, then Sassy appears
with the kitten. Shadow explains they are lost and Riley points
out that Chance is missing, who fled as the gang arrived. Shake
is insistent that the training has had proven results for him,
noting that he has not dropped a football pass since
completingEAT. Shaken by the presence of all three men, Alice
argues with Robin. Shakespeare accompanies her, disguised as her
female cousin. Shakespeare is working on a new comedy, Romeo and
Ethel, the Pirate's Daughter. Shakespeare pursues Kent to Viola's
house and leaves a note with the nurse, asking Thomas Kent to
begin rehearsals at the Rose. Shakespeare takes the role of
Romeo, with a boy actor as Juliet. Shamed, his stepmother orders
her sons to return the money to Fella. Shane runs into his ex-
wife, who admits she still loves him. Shane tells Trudy to remain
in Eden East and enjoy being single, then leaves with his ex-
wife. Shannon immediately seeks out his sweetheart, Mary Jones,
who readily accepts his proposal. Shante Smith (Vivica Fox) is a
woman who gives advice on how to keep a man in check. Shanti,
meanwhile, is trying to get Rishi to see sense and make up with
Nicky. Sharpay Evans (Ashley Tisdale) performs a dance number at
the Lava Springs Country Club ("Gonna Shine"). Sharpay accepts
but is disgusted to find out what it is. Sharpay and Roger panic,
finally uniting to find the dogs. Sharpay and Ryan Evans plan to
spend part of the summer at their family's country club, Lava
Springs ("Fabulous"), but Sharpay's summer plans also include
pursuing Troy, whom she has arranged to be hired at the club.
Sharpay becomes desperate to win the scholarship, and knowing
that Kelsi will give the best songs to Troy and Gabriella in the
musical, she gets Ryan to try to persuade Kelsi to give them a
song, by predicting her (and Ryan's) future ("I Want It All").
Sharpay convinces her father Vance (Robert Curtis Brown) to let
her move to New York City on her own. Sharpay finally learns how
it feels to be manipulated and humiliated, but nevertheless does
not wish to go down. Sharpay is enraged upon learning that
Gabriella is working as one of the lifeguards, but is unable to
get her fired. Sharpay later finds out that Amber Lee is really
an egotistical diva who is rude to everyone on the production and
plans to remove the dogs from the show to make the musical all
about her. Sharpay meets Tiara Gold, a British exchange student
whom she hires to be her personal assistant. Sharpay notices that
Boi starts behaving mysteriously when he is thinking about
Countess, and decides that Boi hates Countess as much as she
does. Sharpay realizes what she's done and confides in Peyton her
fears about being a star. Sharpay senses his need and arranges
for Troy to be promoted, hoping that this will convince him to
sing with her at the talent show. Shasta asks Doc to help foil a
plot allegedly hatched by Mickey's wife Sloane and her lover,
Riggs Warbling, to have Mickey admitted to a mental health
institution. Shaun Rodes, egomaniac and captain of the chess team
continually challenges Tommy to a chess match, wishing to find
out if Tommy inherited his mother's skills. Shaun discovers the
Winchester rifle above the bar is functional and the group uses
it to defend themselves. Shaun is an electronics salesman with no
direction. Shaun, distraught, is forced to shoot her after she
reanimates. Shaun, hoping to prove his suspicions of Tommy's
monumental talent, volunteers Tommy to play a blitz game against
the top player in the club. Shaun, still suspicious from his
victory, invites Tommy to an underground high-stakes chess club,
rife with shady characters, hot babes, and money. Shauna and
Keisha try their hardest to convince Mary to reconsider her
decision, but Mary remains obstinate. Shaw falls into quicksand
and Morgan, realizing he has the piece, frees him. Shaw manages
to piece together the location of Cutthroat Island with his and
Morgan's piece, but is caught and thrown in the brig. Shawn is
rushed to the hospital after he slips and hits his head, and
cannot remember the sexual encounter due to short-term memory
loss. She abruptly leaves her date and searches for Gyeon-woo at
the subway station. She accepts and gives him her address and he
replies by telling her he will pick her up at 7:00. She accepts
and they kiss. She accepts and they kiss. She accepts him and he
tells her to put on the dress Tibby gave her. She accepts his
apology and they share their first kiss as rain falls over the
drought-plagued valley. She accepts his marriage proposal, but is
disappointed when he postpones the marriage for a hearing on his
appointment in Washington. She accepts his offer and is pleased
when he offers to wait for her and meet her afterwards. She
accepts his offer, passionately kisses him back, and they tumble
onto her bed. She accepts with a kiss on his cheek, but says she
will need some time. She accepts, and her parents agree that they
should now meet Greg's parents. She accepts, and they fly to
South Carolina to see a justice of the peace. She accepts, but
Dorothy's friend, Carol (Caroline Guthrie), shows up at the
rendezvous instead and informs Gregory that something had come
up; Dorothy will not be able to make it. She accepts, but sadly
believes that, as a princess, she cannot marry him. She accepts,
but worries how her family will react. She accepts. She accepts.
She accuses him of deception and spying, while he responds by
belittling her store. She acts differently around each of the
men—she is drunk on her date with Doug; she uncharacteristically
jumps into bed with Gabriel; she is, at first, irritated with but
then moved by ex-baseball star Bobby; her date with Barry gets
off to a rough start, but then while on their date, they run into
her parents and end up having dinner with them; and her date with
Luke is sidetracked when they see a colleague of Luke's who is
with his daughter, Eve, who appears to have her own eye on Luke.
She acts like a showgirl (recreating a risqué musical number she
had seen performed by Dixie Belle) and lets on that Jerry's
father ("their" father) had been a gardener at Princeton
University, not a student athlete as Jerry had claimed. She adds
that her protective older brother, Will (James Wolk), was very
popular as a handsome basketball player. She admires from afar
her neighbor, publisher Shep Henderson (James Stewart), who one
day walks into her gallery of African art to use the telephone,
after Gillian's aunt Queenie (Elsa Lanchester) put a spell on his
phone. She admits she is a dance hall hostess, putting it down to
"the fickle finger of fate" (a favorite expression of hers). She
admits that she is a dance hall hostess; he admits he already
knows, having followed her one night and watched her dancing. She
admits that she is fond of him, and asks if he truly loves Lisa.
She admits to Samantha that Top actually helped her to escape
from his abusive father. She admits to having slept with Paul,
but dismisses it as a meaningless fling. She admits, to Will, her
unfaithfulness to her boyfriend, who wants to marry her. She
admonishes him for spilling her bunches of violets in the mud,
but she cheers up after selling one to an older gentleman. She
advertises in the paper for an unscrupulous man to compromise
her. She advises Josh to talk to Amy, so he leaves, replaced by a
disgruntled Asher. She advises him to keep Seryozha away from
Anna and to tell him his mother is dead. She agrees and the two
set off with Sorry for Dodge's hometown in Delaware. She agrees
and they have a great time together. She agrees to continue the
ruse when he agrees to babysit Mikey, which almost comes to a
halt when he takes the baby out to the airport, where he is a
part-time commercial pilot while she is taking a nap (leading her
to believe he'd kidnapped Mikey). She agrees to employ him and
the pair gradually become romantically involved. She agrees to go
out on a date with him but only on the condition that he tell her
his first name, which turns out to be Boaz. She agrees to go,
with the secret intention of trying to convince him to return and
take back control from his crooked cronies. She agrees to have a
cup of coffee at the airport, suggesting that they will have a
future. She agrees to let Miranda trade places with her, while
she goes on a bicycling trip with a friend. She agrees to look
over his pages, but ends up having so much fun that she doesn't
have the time. She agrees to play along for the weekend. She
agrees to see him and he asks her forgiveness. She agrees to take
him back, split up the inheritance, and apologizes for her
interference in her sisters' relationships. She agrees to teach
him how to swim in exchange for ending the hazing. She agrees to
this and takes him to see Elder Gutknecht (Michael Gough), the
kindly ruler of the underworld, to send him and Emily temporarily
to the Land of the Living. She agrees, and when he asks her if
she'd ever be interested in dating a younger man, she assumes
that he is interested in her. She agrees, but only as a friend.
She agrees, fulfilling her old student crush on the professor.
She agrees. She agrees. She agrees. She alertly puts the top back
on the bottle of liquor her father is hiding in, keeping him
drunk and powerless. She already has a boyfriend named Nick, whom
he advises Kathy to dump. She also admits that she feels more
connected to her mom when accomplishing the same things she did.
She also allows the waiter at her local coffee shop to flirt with
her and begins to pick fights with her fiancé. She also announces
that she is not going to marry him and the engagement ring he
offers her is simply one of the exhibits of her art installation,
the "capper to my time at Mercy". She also apologizes to her
daughter and tells her to look at the other side of the drawing,
making Holly happy. She also assures Phil that they just made a
mistake. She also confesses her affair to Kit and although he
feels betrayed, he decides to make love to Milly knowing that her
days are numbered. She also convinces Andy to ask Polly to the
football dance. She also convinces her mother to let go of her
past and her father just as she is willing to let go of Ely. She
also discovers how "reality" TV shows work, with multiple takes
and editing. She also discovers that Tom owes $5000 in gambling
debts to mr Schultz. She also ends up on a blind date with a guy
who she thinks is perfect for her until his wife and kids expose
him as an unfaithful married man. She also enlists the help of
another friend, chef Felix Bassenak (SZ. She also happens to be,
under the pen name Caroline Adams, the secret author of a
bestselling book that has the straight-laced Lynnfield Literary
Circle in an uproar. She also harbors feelings for Charlie, which
is obvious the first time they interact on screen. She also has a
new position as the school's guidance counselor. She also has an
unfortunate run-in with three obnoxious popular girls (Jordan
Ladd, Jessica Alba, and Marley Shelton), and Guy Perkins (Jeremy
Jordan), the school's most attractive, popular student. She also
has to hear demeaning comments from several of the other football
players' wives and girlfriends staying at the hotel about how she
is undergoing the "Matt Tollman makeover" while attending a luau
at the resort. She also has written a letter thanking the family
of their lost love one for the heart she received. She also is a
perpetual daydreamer who yearns for a glamorous wedding and
marriage to a man who will help get her out of the fictional
dead-end seaside tourist town of Porpoise Spit, Queensland,
improve her personal life, and free her from a tedious life
dominated by her demanding and often psychologically abusive
father Bill (Bill Hunter), a corrupt politician who verbally
lashes out at his weak and subservient wife Betty and their
unambitious children at every opportunity. She also is joined by
her stuck-up girlfriend Lana. She also knows that distrusting
Nick drove him away. She also learns that her father built a
hospital, and lives in a large house (she had obviously expected
to find a shack). She also learns that her mother sneaks out once
a week to have sex with a man she met a couple of weeks
previously, Steve. She also learns that the person he kidnapped
was his girlfriend, who turns out to be his half-sister. She also
longs for a more pleasant livelihood. She also looks for escape
from her passionless marriage and looks towards Sasha. She also
manages to patch things up with her mother and soon, she and Kiko
find themselves falling in love. She also meets Jesse (Gus Carr),
a male cheerleader and the only person who is nice to her on her
first day. She also meets Samantha, when she was a bartender at
the music club CBGB. She also meets friend Faye, her roommate
Miriam, and Buzzy. She also meets her old friend Maria (Mary
Philips), who is happy being a maid in the hotel and warns Anni
not to become the victim of Armalia's joke on his friends. She
also quits her job, and says good-bye to John before she leaves.
She also receives an intriguing phone call from a young
executive, George Madison, who was advised by a friend of Lisa's
to give her a call. She also reveals that Ellie cheated on Don
with Missy's father before Don cheated on her. She also sees her
father cheating on her mother. She also sends him away telling
him to return at midnight. She also shows them how to dance. She
also states Calvin seems very familiar to her, which Calvin
deflects by showing her his photo on the book. She also states
that she will no longer put up with his rude and emotionally
abusive treatment of her and her siblings. She also switches
clothes with her. She also talks about how she likes living on
her own terms (Lady is a Tramp). She also talks him into
abandoning his cheesecake paintings in favor of more respectable
portraits. She also tells Adam not to call her when Kate
inevitably breaks his heart again. She also tells him a little
bit about her life. She also tells him that she loved the script,
except for one thing. She also testifies on Ed's behalf at the
hearing. She also unintentionally inspires the other girls to
innocently defy shallow things that Rachel teaches them. She also
updates Larry's home decor, hair style, and wardrobe. She also
wants Charles to pay for her mother's stay in the nursing home
since he made her place her there. She also wonders why he is
visiting and begins to suspect that he is attracted to her. She
amuses herself by not telling him the truth. She and Anne are
interrupted during Rebecca's first lesbian experience by Kate who
returns home early after finally coming out of the closet to her
parents. She and Ben board a train, where they meet Scotty
McGruff (Martin Hancock), a flighty romantic who gives them a
stack of Six Million Dollar Man stickers, instructing them to
post them in random places, and one day when they are unhappy,
they may come across one and it will make them smile. She and
Claude-Henri's mother confront, not Isabel, but her mother. She
and Daniel share a final kiss, pledging not to become "like
everybody else". She and Eddie quickly fall in love. She and
Ellen soon detest each other. She and Emmadel erupt in a brawl on
the front lawn. She and Freddy return to Covent Garden, where her
friends do not recognize her with her newly refined bearing ("The
Flower Market/Wouldn't It Be Loverly. She and Gordo realize that
Paolo is planning to cut Lizzie's microphone at the concert,
demonstrating to the crowd that Isabella is a fake. She and Jack
Bacon (Norman Foster) is an aspiring artist who lives in the same
Greenwich Village building. She and Jake begin sleeping together,
but he is reluctant to be involved in a serious relationship with
her because she is not Jewish, a fact which could compromise his
relationship with his congregation and also with his mother (who
disowned her eldest son - Jake's older brother Ethan - for
marrying outside the faith). She and James fall in love despite
her reservations about beginning another relationship so soon
after her ugly breakup with Gerry. She and Matt escape to Canada.
She and Miggy feel awkward towards each other and when trust is
brought up, she leaves the conference room. She and Mike North
(Frank Thomas), the horse's trainer, persuade the reluctant
doctor to investigate. She and Nikko sing it, much to Royce's
jealousy, and Nikko and Courtney are becoming attracted to each
other. She and Ralph begin falling in love. She and Riley
gradually become involved, though at first Jackie seems motivated
by wanting to get Riley on her show. She and Tom become
acquainted on the train. She and Tripp find themselves sailing
unfamiliar waters and confide in their friends. She and famous
fashion photographer Dick Avery (Fred Astaire) want models who
can "think as well as they look". She and her father dance a bit.
She and her father return to their old work. She and her fiance,
Frederick "Freddie" Harper (Jack Carson), are dubious about the
proposition, but he talks them into it. She and her god-sister,
Morgan (Paula Patton), are living together; Morgan dreams of
becoming an NBA trophy wife. She and her mother (Hedda Hopper)
are in such deep financial trouble, they cannot pay their bills
or their loyal maid Mary. She and her mother move to a suburb of
Portland, Oregon and Kate gets a job as a waitress. She and her
new boyfriend Mingus have a cozy relationship until the arrival
of Marion's father, sister and sister's boyfriend, on vacation
from France. She and her new husband, Sir Michael Barrington
(Timothy Dalton), then depart for a honeymoon suite at a posh and
exclusive hotel that has been reserved for them by her manager,
Dan Turner (Dom DeLuise). She and her sisters, Kareenah, Bethany,
and Jacqui, have been taking care of each other since their
parents died when they were young. She and her two children,
children of her cousin, will stop in the enchanted forest and
faced with different tales of popular imagination. She announced
that she will take their advice and marry the one person who
knows her better than anyone else: herself. She announces her
business by throwing flowers with a visiting card into each
carriage that drives past. She announces in front of a crowd at a
wedding he is covering that she is in love with him. She answers
it and within a week the now elderly Claire Smith (Vanessa
Redgrave) arrives in Verona with her handsome barrister grandson
Charlie Wyman (Christopher Egan). She answers that no, she
doesn't, but is clearly still annoyed at Bryce and wants nothing
to do with him. She apologizes for letting him believe that he
was the only man she had been with. She appears in a hologram
atop his record player, scolding him for leaving her at the altar
and talks about the children they might have had. She applauds
from the audience as Victor, with great reluctance, launches the
orchestra into a rousing Stars and Stripes Forever. She applies
as an Editorial Assistant at Miggy's newly launched men’s
magazine, "Bachelor". She argues back, telling him she did not go
to Canada just for him, accepted all his flaws and left her
mother alone for a little while whilst she went to visit him
after the funeral, was late and all he does is throw everything
away because she was late. She arranges her own passage, and
"bumps into" Pike, just as they met before. She arranges with
Carter Brooks (Barrie) and her father (Losee) for Adrian to apply
for work at her father's ammunition factory, and after he is
thrown out the story will be in the newspapers. She arranges,
with the help of one of the brothers, that some of her money is
sent to Bill, disguised as an inheritance from an aunt. She
arrives at Retail Rodeo and goes to the manager's office, telling
him where Holden is hiding and how long he will be there. She
arrives at Riley's house to find her in tears. She arrives at the
reunion and is happy to reconnect with her old best friends,
Maddy and Carol. She arrives during a dance rehearsal and sees
Peter with his friends. She arrives home after Lydia has left and
remains oblivious to Gerry's infidelity. She asks Bennett (Alex
Wolff), a boy she has watched from afar and has crush on, to the
prom, and he turns out to be Greek and has an equally crazy Greek
family of his own. She asks Doug about it but he brushes it off,
saying Gretchen is paranoid, to which she reluctantly agrees. She
asks God to help her again get out of this situation and she
promises (again) not to have another one-night stand with anyone
and only have sex with her future husband. She asks Jenny to play
along, so Jenny demands $5000 to do it. She asks Lee to give Jack
up, rather than jeopardize his career, and Lee agrees. She asks
Max and the director Reginald, but both don’t give her an answer.
She asks Mickey to quit his job; he compromises by taking a one-
year leave of absence and briefly working as a car salesman. She
asks Nikhil to leave the wedding, her decision supported by her
father. She asks Pete for a ride home and learns his plans to
leave Madrid for Paris, which is caused by his dislike of Paul.
She asks Pete to come with her, but he declines and tells her
that her appetite for success and fame will never end. She asks
Rahul to take the ashes to Rameswaram and disperse them. She asks
Roy because he knows her boyfriend David Simms (Don Johnson), a
top professional golfer. She asks a favor of Frankie: to help her
die, declaring that she got everything she wanted out of life.
She asks for Iona's old prom dress. She asks for a dance and Gabe
agrees. She asks her friend and former boyfriend Andrew (Liev
Schreiber) why they broke up and he confesses that she places too
much importance on her boyfriends. She asks him an obscurely lewd
question, which she then cheerfully explains. She asks him to
enter the dance contest with her, but he refuses. She asks him to
go to Mexico with her, and the two have an adventure getting
there when the car they rented breaks down and catches fire. She
asks him to have sex with her from behind, but he hallucinates
and sees Heidi saying; "You aren't seriously going to stick your
dick in that, are you. She asks him to kiss her, and though the
two share a passionate romantic moment, Gabe tells her that they
should not pursue it any further. She asks him to marry her
instead, and passionately kisses him. She asks him to move out of
her apartment before she gets home from hospital, stating that it
would hurt her too much to have him stay any longer knowing that
he doesn't love her. She asks him to promise that he will stop
following her. She asks if he's ever been in love, because the
hero in the movie doesn't respond like a man in love. She asks if
she can stay the night, which Boris eventually allows, and she
stays with him while she's looking for a job. She asks the doctor
of Top's condition, and she mistakenly believes that he has a
brain cancer and he will not last any longer. She aspires to have
a life like her longtime friend Debbie (Jennifer Aniston), a
successful doctor with a beautiful home but a marriage that may
not be as perfect as it seems on the surface. She aspires to
reach an executive position. She asserts that the very
conventionally attractive Tish and Piper don't know what it feels
like to always be ignored and pushed aside because she's not
pretty. She assumes he has given her up easily and only months
later learns that this is not true. She assumes her co-workers
are playing a prank on her, based on the Baby Ruth joke from the
film Caddyshack, so she takes a bite only to find out it is
actual feces. She assures a representative from the adoption
agency that, despite his drinking, he would make a good father.
She at first refuses, cautious about his intentions, but in need
of work, she eventually relents and accepts the position. She at
first sees Tulsa as another Occupation Duty GI. She attempts
several times to hook up Henry with different people, first
women, but after a few "social gatherings“ she realizes her
error, and invites men instead. She attempts to court rich men to
feed her lifestyle, but is prone to changing partners. She
attempts to leave but unfortunately has to stay due to the trains
not able to come till the next day. She attempts to reclaim
Chris, but he refuses, preferring to stay with his fellow
refugees. She attempts to say goodbye on launch day by using her
connections with a former client and boyfriend (Steve), a
candidate for Congress, but she only sees Ulysses during his
farewell speech, in which he bemoans the tendency of humans and
their tragic emotional relationships. She attempts to seduce him,
but he falls asleep. She attends, forgetting the gala. She
attracts the romantic attentions of the store owner's son Tom
(Barthalmess) and marries him, incurring the wrath of Tom's
parents. She avoids giving an answer to the proposal, and agrees
to Lilac's plan to have the professors drive her to New Jersey to
marry Lilac. She balks and runs away without meeting him, and she
confesses to Piper and Tish that someone like Fuzzy22 could never
like someone like her, because she is according to herself not
very attractive. She barks frantically, but Aunt Sarah tells her
to be quiet. She bases her main thesis on people opting to eat
stale donuts versus waiting for fresh donuts, associating
impulse-control problems with personal and professional
instability. She bears her feelings as long as she can and
eventually quietly leaves. She becomes a feminist icon, as
feminists view her book as a manifesto of a woman who does not
care to bind herself to a man, and who chooses to raise a child
on her own. She becomes angry with him for assuming that she is
marrying Glenn for his money (although she is under pressure from
her worried parents to do just that so she will not tread water
as they have). She becomes attracted to Bertram, who reciprocates
with a vengeance by proposing marriage to her. She becomes
attracted to a handsome gentleman named Nicholas (Chris Pine).
She becomes convinced that Bubba knows, telling Holden that they
need to cool down for a while. She becomes determined to save her
marriage before it's too late. She becomes even angrier when she
discovers thatF. She becomes friends with the town's druggist
(pharmacist), Murphy Jones (James Garner), but a romance between
them seems unlikely due to Murphy's age and because Emma allows
her ex-husband, Bobby Jack Moriarty (Brian Kerwin), to move back
in with her and their 12-year-old son, Jake (Corey Haim). She
becomes good friends with fellow intern Kit (Juliette Hing-Lee),
and spends her days phoning radio stations and running errands.
She becomes his indispensable aide, and he calls her for every
little thing. She becomes pleasant, particularly towards Stifler,
making Michelle and Jim's dad unknowingly happy. She becomes
proficient and skips two levels to become a junior skater. She
becomes serious with Luke, but an incident at a restaurant in
which he is rude to one of the waiters makes her realize he isn't
the one she wants, either. She becomes very angry and slaps him
and explodes with all her cruelty to him and leaves. She
befriends them and calls her friend Woody to come and drain the
pool so the aliens can work on their ship and get it flying
again. She begins dating Anthony, who offers to marry her. She
begins to annoy Sheldon and Lisa (with the whole city now
watching) by constantly talking to strangers about his most
embarrassing moments. She begins to date Bill (Kevin Corrigan),
the local clerk at the video rental store she frequents. She
begins to enjoy her life to the extent that her "pregnancy"
becomes real to her. She begins to find herself dissatisfied and
depressed and so returns to Jenny's house to beg her to let her
take the children back home. She begins to spank him, before she
is thrown out of the hotel by the staff. She begins to understand
the intense love her mother has for her, and leans toward
Northwestern. She begins to wear more provocative clothing and
stitches a red "A" to everything she wears. She begs him to do
something to keep Paul from leaving. She begs him to let her
finish what she started here and not let the summer go to waste.
She believes he is Prince William until he convinces her a
thousand years have passed and he is not the Prince (although
Jason and his mother mention his family history, leading the
audience to believe that Jason is the descendant of the Prince).
She believes he is truly a tramp, and buys him a breakfast of
eggs and ham. She bends down to get it when a man shows up and
selects the same song she would have chosen. She berates Julius
by dismissing all his stories as lies. She bets Stifler that if
she wins at poker he has to apologise to her and run naked in the
snow. She blindfolds Lorenzo and kisses him passionately out of
love. She books him a contract in Michigan that coincides with
the reunion, ostensibly to smooth things over with the client
whose contract was botched. She breaks free and attempts to wash
the stripe and the smell off but is unsuccessful. She breaks off
her marriage with Dill and joins Jeff on the boat—when Dill
arrives at the wharf, the ship has already sailed. She breaks
through his anger by reminding him that she, as a female, had to
endure a lot of trash talk from others, but didn't let it get her
down, allowing her to become the best girl boxer in Brooklyn. She
breaks up with Brian and gives Lena's younger sister, Effie (Lucy
Hale), permission to date him. She breaks up with him. She brings
Nuria to the restroom for a chat, telling her that American women
behave differently with men. She brings her opinionated friend
Lysterine "Lysti" (Vivica Fox), and Rushon comes with his "bad
boy" buddy Bunz (Jamie Foxx). She buys up controlling interest in
the company and moves into his home as the new tenant. She calls
Elizabeth and informs her of her true feelings. She calls Jonah
and asks him to meet her outside her work. She calls and invites
Sydney, who is, unbeknownst to them, already en route to the
wedding. She calls the tour company looking for him. She calls
them, then realizes what had really occurred and gets her
boyfriend arrested. She calls, but Evie and Randy have already
absconded and she is left talking to a furious Evelyn. She can't
wait to get back to California and her career, but when Charley
reneges on his promise, Vicki promptly gets a divorce. She cannot
forgive Grant, and agrees to marry Nicky. She cannot help but
wonder what would happen if she ever got together with her high
school sweetheart, Tom, who she had never slept with. She cares a
great deal about Fuzzy22, and feels that a man as attractive as
he is would, upon seeing her, become disappointed and
uninterested and she could not bear that from him. She catches
Anne and Rebecca in bed together and walks out. She causes
further talk when she brings a newborn baby with her. She
challenges the men by asking them what kind of father each would
have been, particularly because they have never been there for
all the small but important life events of their daughter. She
changes her mind after sharing a moment with her great-
grandmother (Bess Meisler) and realizing she really wants to go
to New York. She changes ships to join him, for better or for
worse. She chases after Andre to get his autograph, but her pen
seems to be out of ink. She chases down Pam and asks her to stay.
She checks to see if Bob is home but discovers he is with June,
one of her co-workers. She chooses the latter. She claims she is
on the run because when she cashed her check from a walkathon she
won, it turned out there was no money. She claims she wed a man
named Roogle (Clem Bevans) who died on their wedding night. She
claims that their relationship is 'strictly business' and leaves
the next morning without saying a word. She climbs onto the roof
of a building and strips off her clothes to commit suicide. She
coerces him into taking her into the city and invites him to the
suite for dinner. She comes by a hot air balloon, climbs inside
and cuts the support ropes, launching the balloon into the air.
She comes home and finds Ginger and Darvac knocked out in the
closet. She comes to New York City to visit her brother Adam
(Robertson), who is an airline pilot. She comes up with a Spanish
lover and tells all about him to Paul, which shatters his ego.
She comes up with a plan to bring her parents together and
enlists Charlie’s help to take her father out for a guys night.
She comments on its brilliance, though has several criticisms, to
which Gabe reacts defensively. She comments that everyone thinks
she's "such a Goody Two-Shoes" but she wants a little more
adventure. She compliments them on their good qualities,
apologizes sincerely to Cameron for using him, and offers her own
view of sex. She concludes, "Mr. She concocts a love potion, but
her scheme goes awry when a painting falls on her; Wallace
revives her by giving her the drink she had intended for him. She
confesses that she only married Doug because he is a nice man and
can easily provide the lavish lifestyle she wants. She confesses
the entire story to Cristina, who never realized how Vicky felt
about Juan Antonio, and wishes she could have helped her. She
confesses to Vince that she can't go through with this and can't
marry a man who doesn't love her. She confesses to having been a
fan of his all along. She confides her plan for a little gold-
digging and blackmail to Ronald "Ronnie" Brooke (Douglas), a
professor on exchange from England. She confides in her
collegemate, Robin, admitting she is more upset about Ely's
betrayal than Bruce's. She confides in him that she has no
interest in Romero, but doesn't know how to get him to leave her
alone. She confronts Adam with the photograph of him with
Brianna, and he is shocked, having never been in a car with her
before. She confronts Harold about his obsession with floozies
and ends their relationship. She confronts Harry asks him what he
would do if he was her. She confronts Jack, but he refuses to
discuss it. She confronts him but finds herself tongue-tied in
his presence, and Alex's own attempts to defend her result in a
scuffle. She congratulates him on getting the leverage to pass a
crime bill that in no way will help fight crime. She conjures up
little clouds of brainwashing white smoke that "convince" every
voter to support Wallace, and he is elected in a landslide, where
even his opponent doesn't vote for himself. She constantly asks
Bryce to come join her in the tree, as well as yelling out how
far away the bus is. She contacts Ben for the first time since
their one-night stand to tell him. She convinces Katie to start
an independent life of her own, instead of sitting around doing
nothing. She convinces Sherry and Christine to join her at
Royalty Airlines. She convinces a friend to help her deliver the
baby back to Dan at his home on East 63rd Street. She convinces
her childhood friend Melissa (Victoria Jackson) to go to a health
spa (or resort) for singles so that they can hopefully each find
the man of their dreams. She courts publicity by revealing
herself as the true Caroline Adams. She decides not to tell Pete
about this. She decides she is being foolish and goes to New York
to meet Walter for Valentine's Day. She decides she is not good
enough for Bertram, but his forceful application of "yum yum"
convinces her to change her mind. She decides that Dan would
actually be a better match for Emmy. She decides that Minnie and
Monroe must now marry, which Monroe agrees to. She decides that
her end-of-summer goal will be to have sex with Rusty to complete
her "To Do List". She decides to become an actress, but cannot
get in to see producer Sydney Parker (Robert Strange). She
decides to flee to Greece with acquaintances from her trip to
Florence, but shortly before her departure she accidentally
encounters mr Emerson senior. She decides to go to Rochester and
continue her search. She decides to have a sexual relationship
with Roberto Orlandi, the Italian man who had pursued her at the
beginning of her stay in Italy. She decides to help Opie by
finding him a good woman, initially (and unsuccessfully) by
online personal ads. She decides to leave Bill, returns the
engagement ring, and leaves for New York to try her own wings of
fortune. She decides to let things go and marry Bill as Patricia
Winterbourne. She decides to live there from now on. She decides
to make Caroline a better match. She decides to marry Captain
Barton and withdraws from the show. She decides to stay. She
decides to take advantage of the fact that "no limits are set,
either by society or one's own conscience, to the amount one may
impose on one's relatives", and settles on visiting her distant
relatives at the isolated Cold Comfort Farm in the fictional
village of Howling in Sussex. She decides to track down all of
her ex-boyfriends in the hope that one of them will have grown
into the man she wants to marry, and therefore the number of men
she has slept with will never have to increase. She decides to
try to improve her own skating by applying physics and what she
has discovered from watching other skaters. She decides to visit
by herself, and is shocked that mrs Lacayo has no idea who she
is. She decides to write about her mother but has few sources to
go on, which are all confined in a small box. She declares she no
longer needs Higgins, saying she was foolish to think she did
("Without You"). She declares, "Oh Oscar. She declines, but when
her lawyer boyfriend Philip Booth (Lee Bowman) has to cancel
their date, she changes her mind. She declines, saying she is
under close guard. She delights in verbally abusing the farm hand
Westley, whom she addresses as "farm boy", by demanding that he
perform chores for her. She demonstrates her own skills first,
and then allows Izzy to try. She denies this and an argument
ensues. She describes how she helped him recover by pretending to
fall in love with him to help him in a transference of his
affections. She describes them and asks his opinion on whom she
should choose. She devises a scheme involving amnesia to lure
Jeff back to her. She did it on purpose to break up with Will,
saying that she is "letting him go" because she does not share
his passionate ambitions. She discovers a letter addressed to her
by Preston and, moved by its contents, makes it her mission to
find him, but she doesn't know what he looks like and no one she
asks gives any helpful descriptions. She discovers after an
experimental kiss that she no longer loves him and goes to meet
Kevin. She discovers instead that Anton wants the convenience of
an assistant, not a true partner. She discovers that he is really
an Easterner and an Ivy League university graduate; the fake
Texan act just helps him with his deal-making. She discovers that
none of the performers are real cowboys: they are mostly ex-
convicts or alcoholics (or both). She discovers that their
friends didn't think her marriage would last. She discovers then
that her results were all negative. She does allow him to escort
her to one of his aunt's rallies, where she impresses the other
women, despite John Pritchard standing up from the audience and
asking her some awkward questions about management and labor
getting closer together. She does not answer him. She does not
believe him at first, but when he shows her his driver's license
as proof, she faints. She does not enjoy kissing Jared, however,
and prefers looking at her fellow cheerleaders. She does not
expect him to marry her; all she wants is enough money to pay for
an abortion. She does not feel her Fitz is right for the part,
and explains to him why and what she is looking for in the role.
She does not intend to mail it, but her friend and editor Becky
does it for her and agrees to send Annie to Seattle. She does not
tell her mother that she was set to star in Ricardo's play, and
instead informs her that she came to Rio to get married. She
does, and after a heartfelt speech to his deaf grandmother, which
he overhears, the two reconcile. She does, however, capture the
heart of Freddy Eynsford-Hill, the young man she ran into in the
opening scene. She does, leaving in its place the one-dollar bill
that she had received as a tip for washing the agents' windshield
(while in disguise). She does, so beautifully that Nelson offers
to star her in a Broadway musical. She doesn't connect with Doug,
but she does get him to come out of his shell by the end of the
date. She doesn't, and an excited João tells her that he's going
to be rich, and they will be together for the rest of their
lives. She doesn’t want to go with him, so he lifts her up over
his shoulder and takes her to a taxi. She doubts they are the
real killers, but Ace's lackey, Lebec, reminds her to get the map
at all costs. She dreams of living on "the other side", among the
rich. She dresses up and goes to the Thanksgiving party, where
she meets John's uncle, who is clearly interested in her. She
dresses up for him and gets back together with him. She drives
there and they kiss. She drops him off intending to leave him,
however guilt gets the better of her and she stays with him until
Kiko finds them and takes them back. She drops him off, but not
before claiming to be a stage actress and sneering at his
"undignified" accomplishments as a movie star. She drops the key
to the lock down her neckline as the startled Pepé says, "Oh, no.
She earns a spot on a reality television dating show called The
Extreme Bachelor, the bachelor turning out to be Grant, the man
she met in the diner. She encounters a dying ball turret gunner
known only as Technical Sergeant Garp, who was severely brain
damaged in combat. She encounters the same problem at her first
few job interviews - the men are interested in something other
than her secretarial skills - so she dresses as dowdily as she
can and gets hired by Joseph Morton (George Murphy). She
encourages Ellen to marry him because he is so wealthy. She
encourages Jon to take night classes to get an office job outside
the service industry, and Jon indulges her love for romance
movies, which he usually dismisses as unrealistic fantasy. She
ends going to Brian's house and apologizes, confessing that she
had been afraid dealing with change. She ends the speech with:
"Sorry, that I exist". She ends up kissing him in front of Robin
and her friends but the two realize the age difference between
them is too large for anything romantic to happen. She engages in
petty sabotage—for example, taking Kimmy and Michael to a karaoke
bar after discovering that Kimmy is a terrible singer—and later
asks her gay friend and editor George Downes (Rupert Everett) to
pretend they are engaged, hoping to make Michael jealous. She
enlists Captain John Pringle (John Lund), another Iowan, to
assist in her investigation, unaware he is Erika's current lover.
She enlists the help of Mike Conovan (Spencer Tracy), a slightly
shady sports promoter. She escapes her room by window and rushes
to Galswells to find a way to help Victor, but fails. She
escapes, managing to evade his nationwide search for her with the
help of Peter Warne (Jack Lemmon), a jobless reporter, who sees
himself getting the biggest story of the year - until he and
Ellie fall in love. She even assumes Peter must be gay due to his
perceived lack of interest. She even became Prom Queen - and
Lucy, her only friend, is actually the original "Tom-Tom' after
plastic surgery. She even leaps into the water and swims out to
meet him. She even visit's the forgiving mother (Chaplin) of her
former lover. She eventually allows him to drop her off and he
asks her to the prom, which she accepts and they share their
first kiss. She eventually becomes his traveling companion. She
eventually confesses to Karl that, despite the vast social gulf
between them, she has fallen in love with him. She eventually
convinces Jenny that she's finally ready to be a parent when she
puts her foot down and shows Audrey who's boss. She eventually
finds him, but he wants no more to do with her. She eventually
gets Blent to fall for her and propose marriage. She eventually
pressures Norbit into marrying her, and bullies, insults, and
controls him to make sure that she keeps him all to herself. She
eventually quarrels with Denys over his decision. She eventually
realizes that what he is really saying is, "I love you". She
eventually tells Beth, who seems to take it as an attempt to ruin
her wedding plans. She expects Mr Darcy to marry her daughter.
She expects a large party but quickly realises the Prince's true
intentions – to seduce her over a private supper. She expects the
movie to help her win Blossom Queen, but she is totally disgusted
with the movie after only seeing a bit of it. She explained that
when she found out that Marni is her fiance's sister, she
panicked and decided to pretend not to remember her. She explains
in it how she "lost the one person she ever fell for", and when
he hears she quit her job at Composure and is on her way to
Washington,C. She explains she is looking for "The One" using
various dating sites. She explains that he just stopped loving
her and that he was never ready to have children. She explains
that her husband Ambroise used to attract the ladies who
frequented the hairdresser salon where he worked, but in the
space of two years, he lost his looks. She explains, "It's just
the way girls work. She expresses her concern to Beth who
questions her about having second thoughts with the divorce. She
expresses her unhappiness to Humperdinck, who proposes a deal
wherein he will send out four ships to locate Westley, but if
they fail to find him, Buttercup will marry him. She expresses
shame at not immediately reporting her husband or removing him
from the home and admits to attempting suicide. She faces her
dismal existence by selling fruits and vegetables at an open-air
market based in Dublin's Moore Street where she spends time with
her best friend Marion, who proves to be a great source of
encouragement in her difficulties. She falls in love with
Garrick, and he plays along. She falls in love with Vinny while
the puppy is licking her face. She fantasizes about her name
being on the billboard and gathering up the nerve she goes to 383
Madison Avenue to inquire about the billboard. She fears she may
be unattractive, but receives attention from boys at school. She
fears that Jill will break Don's heart. She feels most attracted
to Matthew, but he mistakenly confronts her for being part of a
scheme. She feels passionately and intensely that the dowry is
hers and is needed to validate her marriage to Sean. She feels
smothered by her husband, who interferes with her career
ambitions and goes into a jealous funk whenever she goes on the
road. She feels that her life is empty and artificial. She feels
the pitch goes badly. She fell in love with Toninho and they
opened a restaurant together, with Isabella stuck in the kitchen
and Toninho out front taking the credit. She figures a plain
secretary will be one less distraction. She files for divorce,
demanding a large property settlement. She finally admits she
loves him too. She finally admits to Marni that she feels truly
awful for bullying and tormenting her and feels like a terrible
person, and that she loves Will and his entire family. She
finally asks Jesse if he loves Veronica, to which he responds
that he does. She finally became a reporter of celebrity gossip.
She finally catches up to him outside a dance club, but not
before Britney and Mike share a kiss. She finally crashes the
governor's ball and arranges for reporters to photograph her
embracing Michael. She finally gets an outline from him for the
last few chapters, which she uses to finish the novel on her own.
She finally gets fed up with the situation and gives him her two
weeks' notice of resignation after he sends her a message of an
"emergency" while she is at her friend's wedding, since the
emergency is, as she finds out, that he is unable to choose what
to wear to an event. She finally lets them leave and moves on to
Harold and Tammy: Tammy shouldn't talk to Harold so harshly, but
Harold needs to toughen up. She finally stops denying to herself
that she has loved Steve for a while. She finally succeeded, and
at a salary of $300 a week. She finally succumbs to Juan
Antonio's advances as they walk through a grove of trees in the
dark. She finally takes refuge inside a locked glass cabinet,
much to Pepé's chagrin. She finds $20,000, the remainder of what
Harris owes Johnny, and goes to see Bob Pulsifer, Jr, the lazy,
lecherous son of the bank's founder. She finds Bobby there,
practicing a jump and turns on the charm. She finds Charlie with
another woman, Patricia, and runs out crying. She finds Freddy
still waiting outside ("On the Street Where You Live" [Reprise]).
She finds Orlando, asks him to propose again, and accepts when he
does. She finds Simon Dermott (Peter O'Toole) holding a Van Gogh
that her father made recently. She finds all of her friends that
she just left to also be their teenage selves, not just her. She
finds he is like no other man she has ever met, and encourages
him to stand firm against her father. She finds her relationship
with Frederick no longer intellectually or sexually stimulating,
in spite of (or maybe because of) Frederick's professed interest
in continuing to teach her. She finds herself unable to tell Kit
and, after a week, finally confides in Jess. She finds him in a
light alley and explains why she was chasing him. She finds out
that Alec's girlfriend, Daisy, had written a note to him, saying
that she wanted to break up, but hadn't given it to him, but he
had found it accidentally. She finds out that she has not been
invited because of an indiscretion she mistakenly had with Dove
Greenstein's husband on their wedding day and then later revealed
Dove's real age to a local tabloid. She finds so much happiness,
in fact, that when the vacation is over she decides not to
return, ditching her friend at the airport and going back to the
hotel where she'd been staying to ask for a job and to live a
newly self-confident life in which she is at last true to
herself. She finds the now-penniless Donaly living on the street,
still clutching his Emmy statuette. She finds this amusing and
jokes about the statement with her friends. She first cooperates
in the command change but later agrees with the Captain's view on
humans. She fixes the gown in time for the wedding, and Nick
compliments them both on what a great team they make. She flees
from her suddenly amorous "husband". She flies to Seattle so she
can have her child in an illegal maternity center as a way of
avoiding scandal. She flirts outrageously with two eligible
bachelors, Jeff Saunders and Colonel Barclay Sutton, right in
front of Ronald. She followed Cici to Los Angeles as part of an
investigation. She follows him there and while being driven round
Copenhagen is delayed by a royal parade. She follows them and
sees that they live in luxury too. She follows up by lecturing
them that the elderly should be treated with respect and dignity,
after all, they marched for their freedom. She forces her husband
to talk with his son and straighten him out on the subject of
choosing the right kind of woman. She forgives him and agrees to
save him from himself, to which he responds "My hero". She
forgives him and is in the audience. She forgives him, but she
has a relationship with Fernando now and a happy family life. She
forgot to advertise that she would prefer to rent to a woman. She
found the letter sent by the hospital. She frees him from an
indiscreet love affair and, with the return of the elder
Braddock, a romance is culminated. She gains Amelia's friendship
and wholehearted assistance by helping her develop a romantic
relationship with office manager Mark Jenkins (Arthur O'Connell).
She gets a broom and a note from Pam saying she is returning home
and is sorry. She gets a job as an usherette from mr Buckingham
(Walter Catlett), the owner of the prestigious Buckingham Music
Hall, who's an old friend of her father. She gets a job there
too, as a cigarette girl and part-time violinist. She gets a ride
home from him, directing him to a stranger's Beverly Hills
mansion rather than her aunt's house in EastA. She gets back in
touch with Matt, gingerly apologises and hires him to do the
photography on her own new plans for Poise, which is a huge break
for him. She gets caught, but Flip convinces the police that
Maisie is not in her right mind and has her released into his
custody. She gets help from Colin (who's skilled in 'digging up
dirt') to find all of her exes in exchange for letting him stay
in her place after his one-night stands, telling Colin to pay
particular attention to one ex Jake Adams (Dave Annable), who
Ally sees as 'the one that got away'. She gets her lawyer and
friend, George Denham (Jack Lemmon), to go after the E&P to pay
damages after her customer, the Marshalltown Country Club,
refuses all future orders. She gets her old job back with Willie.
She gets her opening one night at the opera, when she manages to
bet the seat next to the banker. She gets him to kiss her to see
how it feels, at which point Norman walks in. She gets his
address and races down to the Village where the now-grown Matt
(Mark Ruffalo) is a struggling photographer. She gets home in
time to catch her boyfriend, Gerry (John Lynch), in bed with his
American ex-girlfriend, Lydia (Jeanne Tripplehorn). She gets in
the ship, and they take off. She gets into a cab where the
driver, James Ubriacco, recklessly speeds through downtown
traffic in order to get her to the hospital on time, and he is
inadvertently a witness to her son Mikey's birth. She gets into
town but the car runs out of gas and she manages to wake up the
entire neighborhood. She gets lectured by Pa Kelly (John st
Polis) about the lack of virtues of the "modern" man. She gets on
the stage and makes a speech in which she says sorry for the
first time in her life to everyone who she has treated indecent.
She gets out to offer her services and overreacts. She gets the
Army to send General Goodwin to her estate on Long Island for a
lengthy interview and photo session for one of her popular Peale
Enterprises publications. She gets to go on the show talking
about the book Suzie wrote. She gets very drunk and dances with a
lot of boys while Jarrod jealously looks on. She gives Dino's
money to Polly, who needs it to leave Climax and start a new
life. She gives Dylan a DVD of Josh's "terrible" film and tells
her to watch 'all' of it before she decides that her social life
is ruined. She gives Richard a contact and they leave just in
time for her father, Odiye (Richard Mofe Damijo), aS. She gives
Rs. She gives a young male applicant a job as office boy, but
discovers he is the son of her employer, Paul Braddock (La
Rocque), expelled from college. She gives him a hotel key and in
the evening at the hotel room they consummate their relationship.
She gives him a list of half a dozen or so candidates she has
handpicked. She gives him a pen, asking him to write to her in
England. She gives him a typed reply from Nikki, in which she
cautiously hints there may be a chance for reconciliation between
them. She gives up the chance to return with Tom to his world,
choosing to stay with Gil and have a 'real' life. She goes
backstage and tries to get Gary to take the skit out of the show.
She goes home where she and Andrew have dinner together and he
explains how he broke up with a girl he was having phone sex
with. She goes on a pre-honeymoon with her chef fiancé Victor
(Gael García Bernal) to Verona, Italy. She goes on to suggest
that Holden be hospitalized. She goes on to tell her that John
left her and sold their house after John lost money in the stock
market. She goes outside and sees Top at his car apologizing that
she can't do anything about the marriage but she still loves him
promising that she will be back for him and Top replied to her
that he is willing to wait for the day she returns and they kiss
under the fireworks. She goes outside to meet him, they kiss and
the two are shown riding off on the lawnmower. She goes over
there to pick him up, but he is going on and on about his
amnesia. She goes round to Arthur's flat and offers him a simple
deal: she will either spend the night with him or walk out on the
spot. She goes to David Letterman's show where she takes control
over the show and wins the support of the audience. She goes to
Don for comfort, and he agrees that it’s all nonsense and of
course Richard wouldn’t go for her. She goes to Kenneth's room,
but when Nina makes an appearance, hides in a tree outside his
window. She goes to London where her pocket is picked, and has to
stay at Jimmy's bachelor quarters while he is away on business.
She goes to Monty's apartment to meet his daughters during his
visitation right. She goes to Patrick’s lodgings and they make
love that night. She goes to Quincy's house but when she gets
there Evan lies and says that he's Quincy. She goes to a bar and
gets drunk and, when Jess retrieves her, confesses that she has a
big ego and does not want to appear unattractive. She goes to a
bus stop, where he finds her and offers to hire her for the
night; later, he asks Vivian to play the role his girlfriend has
refused, offering her $3000 to stay with him for the next six
days as well as paying for a new, more acceptable wardrobe for
her. She goes to a party with him, which enables Bianca to go as
well, much to Walter's dismay. She goes to get James before he
takes off, leaving Stuart with Mikey and Julie. She goes to his
apartment and they both walk around the town talking until the
final bus is due, and they share their first kiss. She goes to
see dr Young, who diagnoses functional euphonia, a speaking
disorder caused by shocking news. She goes to sleep in the car.
She goes to talk to his parents and tells them that he is
drinking heavily, is mentally ill and that he has imagined a
romantic liaison between them. She goes to the beach house and
she watches a video footage of a boy and a girl making promises
to each other that they will be getting married someday as seen
in the beginning of the film. She goes to the farm determined to
tell him that she is pregnant. She goes to visit Audrey the
following day and, as Major Gowen puts it, "listen to all that
rubbish" while consoling her friend. She goes to work as a
secretary for a rich man, Harlan Wycliff, and falls in love with
him, but he does not want her to sing. She goes up on deck and
meets Marlin, Henry and their daughter, Nicole. She got mad
because Bong has been keeping it a secret ever since. She grabs a
flyer for the competition. She gradually grows close to the two.
She greets him warmly and asks what he does. She had been a
military child herself, and missed not having permanent "roots".
She had gotten tired of waiting for Pete's arrival home. She
happens to stumble upon a group of girls who remind her of
herself: beautiful and fun. She happily agrees. She happily then
runs after Lorenzo and kisses him. She has a confrontation with
her mother by taking drugs that results in Pippa leaving home and
moving in with her aunt and roommate, who are in a lesbian
relationship. She has a dent in the side of her door that she
refuses to get fixed because her grandfather gave her the car and
he had a dimple in his left cheek just like the car. She has a
horrible time and decides to head back home and asks George to
return as well. She has a strained relationship with her mother.
She has a very close relationship with her thirteen-year-old
daughter, Izzie (Saoirse Ronan), which becomes even closer when
she learns that she has fallen for a boy in her class named Dylan
(Rory Copus). She has a vision of Yemanja, who rejects her new
offering. She has a whole new set of problems when she arrives
home to discover all four of her grandparents are staying at the
Baker home during the wedding. She has acquired from Cristal a
belief in reincarnation, and sees her life now as only one
episode in her series of lives. She has also been depressed after
leaving Slovetzia, but then receives a surprise visit by
Pochenko. She has also invited John's parents (Roy Glenn and Beah
Richards) to dinner so that they can all become acquainted. She
has an awkward evening with Sam and quickly leaves. She has
become dependent on it. She has been hospitalized in the clinic
after her mother's death, but is desperate to leave. She has been
ordered by her boss to deliver anF. She has been struggling to
help her mother recover from her father leaving after having an
affair with one of Ely's mothers. She has been to a hotel
overnight to allow herself time to think. She has calmed down,
but Mark says he thinks they are not really suited to each other.
She has devised an eleven-part plan of vengeance on a group of
people she feels have hurt her during her time at high school;
these people include Lacey, Jase, and Becca. She has doubts, but
trusts her daughter. She has fulfilled her dream of playing
serious, dramatic roles, but she cuts off contact with Billy and
the old comedy troupe, and soon becomes so conceited that her
boring performances begin to drive away her public. She has
genuine talent, but years of being spoiled by her wealthy father
Jack have made her all but impossible to work with. She has grown
into a beautiful activist and Timmy falls for her instantly. She
has had a crush on him since high school, when she was a shy
freshman, and even though it is decades later, she says that many
still carry high school within themselves, so she could never
show Trucker how she felt despite now being a confident and
secure woman. She has had enough and goes to the beach. She has
her bodyguard Spider (Dewey Robinson), who "would do anything for
you, Lou" dispose of Rita's body. She has just accepted the
proposal of her boyfriend Matt (Gil Bellows), but she has some
misgivings about their future together. She has just been evicted
from an apartment rented to Pete, and because she is penniless
and has no home to return to, he offers to let her stay with him.
She has just broken up with her boyfriend Owen (Adam Brody) for
making her miss her last opportunity to see her family in
England. She has just lost her job as a model of girdles, because
her hip size is 3/4" larger than it should be, and still has the
$1000, which she "saved up". She has learned that if her husband
becomes a criminal lunatic she cannot divorce him. She has led a
sheltered life, raised by the older professors after the death of
her parents (the founders of the college), and is only allowed to
go with a chaperone, her friend dr Crutcher (Elsa Lanchester).
She has matured over the past year and a half (since the first
film), going from the spunky, eleven-year-old hypochondriac to a
lively, yet more serious teenager seeking independence. She has
moved away and obtained a restraining order against him after Pat
had found her in the shower with another man and nearly beat him
to death. She has no trouble transferring her affections to the
handsome outdoorsman and they become engaged. She has not been
there and neither has Baxter. She has problems finding a decent
man of her own after dumping him. She has set her sights on
finding a sweet, bespectacled millionaire in Florida. She has
spent all day trying to convince Keppel, the owner of the well-
known Little Aregon Cafe, to give the quartet a tryout. She has
spent years looking through copies of Jane Eyre at secondhand
stores hoping to find the copy her father gave her, but she buys
any copy she finds that has an inscription. She has the coolest
boyfriend, the most popular friends, and is determined to win the
title of "Blossom Queen". She has three best friends with whom
she shares all her problems, and an annoying ex-boyfriend Fabio
who is set on getting her back, but Niki is not interested. She
hated the convicted man for ruining her father. She hates how her
parents judge her for not being in a relationship, so she
convinces Joe to pretend to be her boyfriend at the family
dinner. She heads over to Jake's with Mother Teresa, but he is
out on the lake with his boat. She hears the music and follows
it, finding Harvey smiling and waiting for her. She helps him
secure a lease on a new house via her fiance's company. She helps
junior skaters Gennifer "Gen" Harwood (Hayden Panettiere),
Tiffany Lai (Jocelyn Lai), and Nikki Fletcher (Kirsten Olson)
improve their skating. She helps return to an Arab princess a
valuable piece of jewelry that the princess had given to Zoë's
father (Giancarlo Giannini) and had been subsequently stolen and
recovered. She hides on a window sill and Shadow and Ashcan
fight. She hints to him from a previous conversation that she
wants to dance. She hires a guard dog from Harry's company, and
soon Harry is providing more than protection for the beautiful
singer. She hires a wedding planner who quits when the rowdy
family's choices and schemes get too wild for her. She hires an
attractive male secretary and the two writers compete with each
other. She hires private investigators to find out what is going
on. She hitchhikes with a trucker named Norm, then meets and
travels with a pair of protesters, Elizabeth, a ditzy but sweet
and likeable girl, and Howard, who sells apples he carves into
celebrities. She holds a grudge, but he will go to any length to
win Kate back. She holds off mr Billy and sends her children to
the hotel, where they meet Tom Jones and tell him their story.
She hopes that one day she could be worthy of somebody like him.
She hopes to gain the attention of sponsors and get herself and
her friends out of the near-poverty they are living in. She hopes
to marry a rich man; but he kisses her. She hosts a French
foreign exchange student, an orphan named Genevieve Le Plouff.
She however persuades him into leaving her free. She however
wants nothing further to do with her boring cheapskate of a
husband. She hypnotizes both of them and tries to get them to
kill each other in a duel, but it fails. She ignores his protests
but then her attempts to mount him fix his back, and he escapes
before she succeeds in making actual intimate contact. She
immediately jumps to the conclusion that Kid slept with her but
her friend Janelle (who had been dogging Kid and the pending
marriage throughout the film) comes to his defense and tell Veda
she is wrong to assume Kid cheated. She immediately returns home
and writes an offensive article on Robert. She implies to her
mother that Gidget has slept with Eddie and other guys,
rationalizing that it is half-true because Gidget had said that
she gave herself "completely to that Moondoggie person". She
informs Nicholas who questions whether the baby is his. She
informs her employer, Oxford Charlie. She informs him that they'd
been living in the house and tells him about the party for mr
Hamilton's mother. She initially has romantic feelings for Shake,
who has become more self-confident after taking self-improvement
training from seminar leader Friedrich Bismark. She initially
refuses, but later relents when Chad proves he can put in some
effort and asks again in front of everyone in school. She
initially rejects him because she thought that he would see her
only as a slut. She initially resists the attention he is paying
her but soon they're both glad to finally have an honest, genuine
conversation with someone. She instantly starts showing off and
puts on an over-the-top, diva-like attitude. She instead offers
to raise Jenn's baby, arguing that Jenn is not fit—either in
lifestyle or career—to raise a child on her own, and will block
the trust fund if necessary. She interrupts Don just as he is
about to perform sex on Bebe, his girlfriend of eight years (and
Ellie's former best friend). She invents a story to reporters,
who have heard rumors about Marsha's new marriage. She invites
Amy's high school flame and local paramedic, Brad Stevenson (Paul
Schneider), to the Stones' for Christmas breakfast. She invites
Duke to her debutante ball, but he doesn't respond to her
invitation. She invites herself into his car and happily insists
that he give her a ride to her destination. She invites him to
her home where she reveals that the reason he is more satisfied
with watching pornography than with having sex is that
pornography is a one-sided affair. She invites him to her
parents' 30th anniversary party, which is now back on, but he
declines, saying that he isn't in the mood for celebrating. She
invites him to sleep on top of the covers on her bed, but the two
just can't keep their hands off each other. She invites him up to
her daughter Elaine's room to see her portrait and then enters
the room naked, making it clear that she is available to him. She
invites the Boy, but he finds he cannot get out of his three year
enlistment. She is a chain smoker and bulimic and feels the need
to run away from her life. She is a delegate of the British
Empire at the League of Nations in Geneva, where she is engaged
in a crusade to secure territorial rights for her beloved British
birds in both Great Britain and abroad. She is a free-spirited
young lady, and (unknown to him at first) mrs Random's niece. She
is a good cook; he improves his skills by sneaking away at night
and taking lessons from his own butler. She is a princess. She is
a seemingly ordinary teenager but with a special gift: she is
super powerful and equally clumsy. She is a traveling cosmetic
saleswoman, setting up "Pink Lady" training seminars in the
western portion of the United States. She is actually "Super T",
(Super Truper), but, being too clumsy, people call her "Super
Clumsy" and it annoys her that people call her like that. She is
actually a professional swindler. She is aided by an alien device
resembling a tentacle with an eye, which hides in a designer
purse to aid Celeste with her encounters on Earth. She is also
convinced that he will give in to his mother's plans to marry him
off to a rich society woman. She is also engaged to businessman
Glenn Gulia (Matthew Glave) and he promises to sing at their
wedding. She is also plagued by infatuation with a popular and
attractive senior, Jake Ryan (Michael Schoeffling). She is also
unable to keep pace with Anna's fashionable dresses or Vronsky's
extravagant spending on a hospital he is building. She is amazed
of the effect of her remark and thereupon invents a name for her
lover and buys a photograph of a likely looking chap to
impersonate him. She is an American who works at Harry's graphic
design company and has been in love for years with the company's
creative director, Karl (Rodrigo Santoro). She is an aspiring
scriptwriter and throughout the movie gives Gyeon-woo three
different screenplays from different genres. She is anxious to
see her sister Leila (Greene) married off so that she will be
treated as a young woman. She is at first bullied by the other
girls, but she stands up for herself and wins everyone over,
including the girl who had bullied her the most, to earn a place
in their group, "The Purple Order of Penguins". She is back in
their hometown, because her father is terminally ill. She is best
friends with Eliza: a well meaning do-gooder, Ferguson: a gay
male escort with self esteem issues and a long list of ex
boyfriends, and Frangiapani: a woman that has been married
several times. She is bored and wishes she could write more about
important things, such as politics, economics, religion, poverty;
stuff she actually cares about. She is bored, however, and finds
entertainment in verbal sparring with one of the sailors, Stephen
Jones (Crosby). She is born through a c-section and is taken to
the nursery. She is called to another meeting and is offered six
signs in exchange for the one. She is career-minded and not eager
for marriage. She is caught, but somehow convinces the chief of
police to let her go. She is certain that Alexis is in trouble
and insists on finding out what is going on. She is charmed by
it, and decides to move in. She is cold towards him, and they go
their separate ways. She is confused and unfamiliar with the
rules of the sport. She is deeply touched and begins to like him,
but it seems Sam has given up on her and starts dating Marilyn.
She is desperate to go, especially when she finds out all of her
friends are going. She is determined to convince Cora to abandon
the arrangement, but Alex vetoes her efforts for fear he will
lose Cora's goodwill. She is determined, however, to be a
faithful wife and vows to hide her love for Jim. She is due to
attend a fellowship in England at the end of the summer. She is
encouraged and supported by Maude, who still regrets leaving her
childhood love behind for an attempted acting career in
Hollywood. She is encouraged by CCN news reporter Hartman Hughes,
who hopes to use Mary's encyclopedic knowledge in his reports to
help himself get a promotion to become an anchor. She is engaged
to bartender Terry McGowan (William Scott), who gets her a job as
a cigarette girl in his cafe after a fire unfairly causes her to
lose her job as a theater scrubwoman. She is estranged from her
intelligent and sensitive husband, Barrie (Fredric March) – who
has been driven to drink by his wife's insensitivity – and she
has neglected her introverted and maladjusted daughter, Blossom
(Rita Quigley). She is eventually claimed by Aunt Sarah, who
chains her in the backyard as punishment for running away. She is
exceptionally close to her older sister Margot and her younger
sister Katherine (nicknamed Kitty). She is extremely upset that
he could forget about her so easily, and he lets her leave and
walk out of his life as if forever. She is flattered when
flirtatious Donnie Wainwright urges her to elope to Paris with
him, then irked when he abandons her before their ship departs.
She is fleeing from a forced marriage to Tangaballi (Nikitin
Dheer). She is forced to borrow money from a ruthless loan shark
named mr Billy to make ends meet. She is forced to reassess her
philosophy when she meets Greg Gatlin (Corbett), a restaurateur
who moves into her neighborhood. She is forced to rely on his
generosity, and as the two of them work at various low-paying
jobs, they stay together in the apartment as friends. She is
frustrated, because though she has had some intimate moments with
Sean, he has never clearly declared how he feels about her. She
is given a makeover by her new employer, and at a fashion show
hosted by fashion maven Edythe Dubarry, she meets and feels
attracted to lingerie designer Joe Blomfield, who is involved in
a tempestuous relationship with Edythe. She is hampered in her
efforts to transfer by her current supervisor Professor Leach
(Kym Gyngell). She is happy for him to browse and Dominique helps
him. She is heartbroken to learn that Gloria is Josh's fiancee.
She is hoping to talk her way back into Bill's life, but the
rivaling waitress spills vicious lies into her ears, saying that
she and Bill are now engaged to be married. She is horrified that
he would want to spend Christmas away from his family. She is
hurt and enraged. She is immediately accepted to Berklee and
forgives Ty after the performance. She is immediately smitten
with mr Gilbert and decides to work as his secretary. She is in
love with her boss, Richard Barclay (Melvyn Douglas), who pays no
attention to her unless it has to do with business. She is in
love with him and has decided to reform, though she keeps her
past a secret. She is in the process of divorcing him to marry
Herbert (Donald Douglas). She is initially angry with him, but
that night, the two begin a romantic relationship. She is
initially unwilling to take him back, but eventually gives in.
She is intrigued. She is introduced to the Boynton Beach
Bereavement Club by Lois (Dyan Cannon), a talkative and
flirtatious decorator who also serves as the club's unofficial
social director. She is involved with Don Peterson (Gene Raymond)
but is not prepared to sacrifice her independence by entering
into matrimony. She is just waking up when Zack walks in, still
stinging from Eve's rejection, and he attacks Mickey, pulling a
gun and taking back the money he lost. She is keen on reuniting
with Steve, but Ann and Steve are starting to get romantically
involved. She is left to fend for herself. She is left with her
fantasies of dancing in the arms of the man she loves. She is
looking for the perfect man but can't find anyone who fits her
strict criteria. She is made to leave True Directions and, now
homeless, goes to stay with Larry and Lloyd. She is more than
surprised, since he wasn't that successful in his gambling. She
is mugged on the way and a friendly police officer, Louis (Kevin
Carroll), gives her a ride home. She is named winner of the
contest and crowned the queen of the upcoming graduation luau,
with Johnny hailed as king for his performance of "Prowlin'" with
his fellow T-Birds. She is not expected to survive, and her two
sons and daughter gathering at her bedside are more concerned
with their expected inheritance. She is one of a group of models
doing a fashion shoot with camp photographer (Graham Chapman).
She is ordered to her room, and Kenneth asks Izzy why he didn't
tell him. She is outraged and runs away, only to hide in the
darkroom where Dick is working. She is outside and they have an
argument in the street, while the rest of the group come out to
see what happens. She is overwhelmed at his generosity, and they
agree there will be no physical relationship. She is overwhelmed
by the attention and starts dating both brothers, even if she
can't forget her previous fiance Bill. She is packing to leave
with Steve when Brad shows up, demanding his share of the
$10,000. She is part of a travelling band of bohemian musicians
who perform gigs in outdoor arenas around the country. She is
paying him 2 million dollars to patch up Darren's marriage, in
time to win the Stanley Cup. She is persuaded not to leave early
by Northbrook, who promises to provide an excuse for her to
escape after supper. She is persuaded to stay and production
continues  with her singing 'Cinderella's Fella' but Conroy is
still not satisfied and an angry Lili walks out. She is pregnant
by her ex-boyfriend, Randy Cates (William Lee Scott). She is
proud that he wants to have sex with her, but admits that she is
married, has two kids, and is pregnant. She is provided with
money so she can stay the night in a hotel. She is pursued by
Tony, a wealthy but irresponsible sportsman, and Jeff, a
handsome, if conventional, doctor. She is put inside a box that
has swords stuck through it and she disappears, just as she is
supposed to, but then she never reappears. She is puzzled (but
secretly overjoyed), as she did not write it. She is quarreling
with her son-in-law, who had given the dress to his wife. She is
reading his book, which she says her friend described as
pretentious. She is recognized by two fellow con artists, Gwen
and Brad. She is referenced as the family gathers with family
Christmas ornaments around the tree. She is reluctant to assist
him in his research until she needs a place to hide from the
police, who want to question her about her boyfriend, mob boss
Joe Lilac (Dana Andrews). She is reluctant to do so, but decides
to go if Pendergast does not call for her by 8. She is
romantically pursued by Miles (Corbett). She is saved by Johnny,
who takes her home. She is scared of death, believing that it
will bring an eternity of nothingness. She is sent to investigate
who could affect gravity and how it was done, believing it was an
attack. She is shaken, but Matt tells her a story about his first
game as an NFL quarterback and helps her regain her wavering
confidence. She is shocked and insists that he not tell his
father. She is shocked to see them, which angers the group, who
expected her to be grateful for their presence. She is skeptical
of his claim to be king, but Ralph proposes that if he can prove
he is, Miranda will go on a date with him, and his appearance on
the news proves his claim. She is slightly older and is grateful
to receive a proposal that will guarantee her a home. She is so
consumed with writing the story that she hardly notices as Bruce
realizes his cause is hopeless and returns to Albany. She is soon
shocked and requests a divorce, but later admits that she herself
has been unfaithful. She is staying in Michael's apartment even
though he has moved out to get away from her, and she tells the
press of her intention to publish a new book that details finding
romance in her small town and searching for someone who will call
her "baby" &ndash; a story that mimics her relationship with
Michael. She is still mad with Jane, as Tess believes that Jane
resented her throughout the years. She is stirred by her
awakening sexuality and wants to lose her virginity. She is
stunned to learn from James' secretary that he is married. She is
surprised to learn that this is the reason behind his strange
behavior, as she does not consider it to be important, and they
kiss. She is surrounded by a support network of well-off friends
consisting of Franny (Joan Cusack) &ndash; a stay at home mom
with a large trust fund; Christine (Catherine Keener) &ndash; a
successful television writer; Jane (Frances McDormand) &ndash; a
fashion designer; and their respective husbands. She is
suspicious of Davis, believing he knows her father is an art
forger. She is taken by Adam (Paul Rudd), a bright and charming
young man from one of her auditions, and decides to cast him as a
new, nerdy character to fall for the character played by her
arrogant and self-centered lead actress, Brianna (Stacey Dash).
She is tempted by Archer, as Jeff shows no signs of returning her
feelings for him. She is tempted to take a job as a mechanic,
with Pop (Arthur Stone), on the highway; but, presses on in to
town. She is the only woman he has ever been with. She is then
adopted by Margaret Wyndham (Hedda Hopper), her rich and
aristocratic aunt, who disapproves of James due to his crude
manners. She is then carried in her pajamas through the crowded
hotel lobby. She is then contacted at her sister's Boston bar by
Banks himself, and decides to participate on the show. She is
thought to have migrated from Denmark and Britain. She is to
blame just as much as Harper is for the longtime feud between the
two men. She is touched by the gesture, but Drew overdoes it,
bringing in a full pageant production to surround the tree. She
is unaware that Alec has been to her campus and is now on the
same train. She is unaware that Sam is the son of circus mogul
John Noble, whose ambition is to buy the Wonder Circus for
himself. She is unaware that the women paying so much attention
to Jason are the wives and girlfriends of his fellow poker
players, who confuse his TV role with the real Jason. She is
urged on by her friend, Grace Norman (Esther Muir) and an
unscrupulous lawyer, Gilbert Wayne (Gayne Whitman) to file for a
divorce. She is very gracious when Wai-Tung explains his dilemma,
as she, too, is hiding a relationship (with a Caucasian man). She
is visited by Ernest Friedman, an art dealer and friend of all
three. She is warmly received by his cousin Willie, aunt Emma,
and his mother, even after Jack reveals Lee's past. She is
wearing her wedding dress, to which he mistakenly concludes that
she is looking forward to marrying Glenn. She is welcomed by the
seven dorks: Lenny, the one with high maintenance health;
Terrence (Jeremy Howard), a genius and post-grad, despite the
fact that he still attends classes; Jeremy (Adam Hendershott),
who is very shy and only uses his puppet to talk; Gurkin (Danny
Strong), a hot-tempered blogger; Spanky (Samm Levine), who has no
experience with girls; George (Arnie Pantoja), the childlike
freshman who still believes in Santa Claus and doesn't know how
to tie a knot; and Embelakbo Akapaktumbe– also known as "Embele"–
(Donté Bonner), a Nigerian interchange student who is highly
intelligent but has Jet lag. She isn't impressed by his
reasoning, however Zach continues on trying to explain that he
loves her and had never stopped. She isn't impressed. She isn't
sure where their relationship is going. She joins Riley at
Stillman's gym, where Jackie demonstrates a deep knowledge of
boxing while cavorting with beefy boxers ("Baby You Knock Me
Out"). She joins the cooking team for the seven-day function,
while the Prince searches for her in the countryside. She joins
the pom-pom girls and attends all the classes taken by Blent to
ensure she has maximum contact with him. She joins them at the
table and Rusty announces his story is being published. She kicks
him out and refuses to see him again. She kisses Cindy to wake
her up, and asks for some kind of a response. She kisses Don in
front of the window while the private eye watches. She kisses Jim
after assuring him that he'll be around and that they'll be
together for a long time, humorously stating that she has that
information "from the highest authority". She kisses him and the
movie ends with Sarah saying "Jonathan". She kisses him
repeatedly, confessing that she loves him even more than Tommy.
She knocks him unconscious to steal his keys and escape, only to
be tranquilized with a dart gun by Wayne. She knows of his
playboy tendencies, but he promises to protect the community
center if she works for him. She lands on the swing shift at the
factory. She later breaks up with Deuce when she finds out that
he was a prostitute hired by her friends. She later comes to find
that he will never leave his wife and she must find her own man
who will love her for her. She later discovers that he's the head
of another break-up company and is stealing all her customers,
which is putting her into debt. She later leaves him to be with
Harley. She later manages to make him lose his job and apartment
after drugging him, which leaves him in a deep sleep for days.
She later realizes her mistake when she sees Preston's yearbook
picture and tries to find him, but he has driven home. She later
regrets her statement and calls him to apologize. She later
turned out to be their substitute teacher. She later wakes up in
hospital and the man who saved her is revealed to be the local
pediatrician, Steve Edison (Matthew McConaughey). She later walks
outside of the balcony of her penthouse in a floor length fur
coat, a cigarette and a drink, and then commits suicide by
jumping to her death after learning through the tabloids that her
ex-husband Gil (whom Cynthia made wealthy through her
connections, according to narrator Annie) married his much
younger mistress the day before. She lavishes him with the
attention of her and her fairies, and while she is in this state
of devotion, Oberon takes the changeling. She learns after the
wedding that he is not as wealthy as she had imagined. She learns
all she can about him, everything from where he went to school to
his favourite foods. She learns of this upon her return home,
when she goes to change for photographers – only to discover that
Sam and Chris and their belongings are all gone. She learns that
he was a screenwriter during the Golden Age of Hollywood. She
learns that unless the show gets more publicity, it will close.
She leaves Frederick after he discovers her affair with Elliot.
She leaves a message on Dex's answering machine asking him to
call her and talk about their relationship - only to see Dex
himself standing before her, ready to give her a chance. She
leaves abruptly back home and overdoses. She leaves before he
wakes and, entering the meeting, realizes Jack Trainer is the man
she had spent the night with. She leaves for America soon, but
before that, is invited to a celebration. She leaves for San
Francisco to look for him, finding him performing on Fisherman's
Wharf. She leaves him the address of the homeless shelter where
she works. She leaves in a fury, much to the glee of her younger
sister, Irene (Carole Lombard). She leaves satisfied but
hurriedly, while Donald clearly has fallen for her. She leaves so
Peter can bask in the success of his show, but quickly returns to
Peter's dressing room to tell him she misses him. She leaves
upset. She leaves without revealing her identity to Austin, and
drops her phone on the way out. She leaves, heartbroken and
disappointed, and Tammy comes over to hold the punching bag Izzy
is using. She left North Hatley after throwing a game against the
town's greatest chess rivals, the Russians. She lends him an
erotic video that she believes has a more realistic depiction of
sexual relations. She lets Nick move in with her to try to get
his fledgling music career off the ground. She lets him believe
they are stranded so she can make him fall in love with her. She
lets him know that he was an excellent student, to which he
replies that she was an excellent teacher. She lets them in, puts
on music and performs a sexy dance routine, to the delight of the
boys. She lies and claims she has been true to him. She lies that
she tells him she no longer feels that way towards him and that
she is dating someone. She likes the enclosed photo of him. She
listens to Don talking to his mother over the phone and turns on
the radio. She listens to the reception being broadcast on the
radio and takes poison in an attempt kill herself. She lives with
her loving upper-class parents, and on the edge of Central Park.
She locks Richard in the bathroom while she goes into the parlor
to hoodwink the uncle. She locks herself in the closet and cries,
wishing to be 30; above her, the glittering wishing dust from the
dollhouse gently rains down. She longs to return to her writing,
especially after running into her first love Brian Callahan
(Patrick Wilson), a successful crime novelist. She loses her
temper and tackles Liv after sprinting to the other section of
the Plaza. She lovingly holds the baby and the couple seems
blissful. She mails Aline her first comic, about a woman walking
through town. She makes Jonathan vice president, but he visits
the office only to inform her that Carol has asked him to marry
her, and that he has accepted. She makes Monica her assistant on
the show. She makes a deal with him that, if Bruno can make her
aunt's backyard look good for a party dedicated to Mexican
Independence Day, he can have a dance with Mary. She makes an
agonizing choice; she decides to chase after Doug rather than
keep on fighting for Tommy. She makes her way down to the Zeta
Alpha Zeta house, which appears to be far less luxurious than the
first sorority she visited. She makes him a deal, asking for his
number and promising to call him the moment she laughed about it.
She makes it clear that "someone like Marc" would never go out
with "someone like him". She makes it very plain that she
considers him a nuisance, but after much effort, he is able to
win her love. She manages a travel agency, in which a guide
called Nico (Pablo Echarri) works, and is Lucía's future husband.
She manages to fly through Los Angeles to the Rose Bowl, where an
impressed Hendrickson signs onto the project. She manages to get
the jealous man to leave without him meeting her dinner guests.
She manages to reach a forest ranger. She manages to swipe
Michael's house key and spends the night at his house. She
manages to walk to without support and Mollie sees this and is
excited calling James and Stuart. She meets Alan, a former member
of a band called The Bumblebees, at the radio station and invites
him to her apartment. She meets Boris and is disappointed with
him, so she tries to convince Melody to end her marriage. She
meets Camille (Solange Knowles), cheerleading captain of the
Crenshaw Heights 'Warriors' and her friends and fellow
cheerleaders, Kirresha (Giovonnie Samuels) and Leti (Francia
Raisa). She meets Captain O'Hara (Perry Askam) who declares his
love for her. She meets Ethan's friend Miles (Jack Black) when he
comes with his girlfriend Maggie (Shannyn Sossamon) to Amanda's
house. She meets Hugh's mother, Grace (Shirley MacLaine), who has
a bad heart. She meets James again at her apartment building and
discovers he used her mailing address to set up residency in
order to get his grandfather Vincent into a nice care home. She
meets Joe, a soldier snowed in for at least another day at the
airport. She meets Miggy in the garden where she says she still
loves him. She meets Peter Donahue (Thomas Jane) who confronts
Christina for her methods before disappearing for the night. She
meets Rene (Fernand Gravet), a French marquis who has lost all
his money and has pawned all his material possessions to live,
something Paris society does not know. She meets Sam Sharpe, a
highly successful salesman who makes a speech at a training
seminar. She meets a bachelor named Major Wilshaw (Edward Fox)
and becomes interested in him. She meets and at first does not
like waiter Chick (Douglas Fairbanks, Jr). She meets fellow bus
passenger Peter Warne, a freshly out-of-work newspaper reporter.
She meets her new neighbor Andy, and eventually confesses that
she wants to have sex with him, leading to them having an affair.
She meets his wife, Patricia, who is also pregnant. She meets up
with her friend from cheerleading camp, Monica (Faune Chambers),
and they're both impressive at the tryouts. She meets with
lawyers Wattles and Swift (Wheeler and Woolsey), the latter of
the two agreeing to represent Aggie in court. She mentions her
appreciation towards Amy for being her friend, and thanks Josh.
She misses Ted terribly, and with Weston's encouragement, she
returns to Cleveland to meet him. She misses her chance to get
pregnant and mopes around because she lost both her chance to
have a baby and Zach. She misses the train and is forced to
return. She mistakenly thinks he is successful enough to support
a family and, with his mother's encouragement, takes a train to
join him. She moves in with her sister, Meg (Leslie Mann), an
OB/GYN who refuses to have a baby or any form of relationship.
She moves to New York to live with her sister, who after the
mother's death raises him without telling him of the feud. She
must catch a transatlantic flight home to London in the morning,
so the two leave the hotel together in the early morning. She
must decide what's important to her in the end, her professional
life or her personal one. She must drive, take stairs instead of
elevators, lead while dancing, and be on top during coitus. She
must make a choice, as witches who fall in love lose their
supernatural powers. She names the child John, and Dan checks in
on her from time to time. She notices that he is a nice guy and
feels guilty about using him for an article. She nurtures and
supports women traumatized by men, among them the Ellen
Jamesians, a group of women named after an eleven-year-old girl
whose tongue was cut off by her rapists to silence her. She
obtains a blotter on which Clave practiced his forgery, but Clave
finds out and the crooked trio retrieve the evidence and burn it.
She offers him a chance to reclaim his lost glory if he helps her
get revenge on Miles. She offers him a ride in Herbie, and Herbie
goes berserk after Willboughy insults him twice, eventually
taking the two to a car version of a joust tournament, which
Herbie wins, earning Willboughy a whooping $300. She offers it to
him on condition that he not inform the police about Johnny, but
he telephones them anyway. She offers them a truck for them to
borrow for free to deliver the couch the next day, but Manuel
politely declines the offer because they would have to leave the
couch at that spot overnight, much to Dado's dismay. She offers
to go with Nora for moral support and the sisters reconcile. She
offers to pay Kiko to take her to the nearest bus terminal so she
can head back to Manila, however is shocked when he takes her to
a hotel where her mother is waiting for her. She offers to pay
for her meal, but the chef and his wife refuse. She offers to
publish Jake Buckley (Paul Johansson), a struggling writer, in
exchange for his sperm for artificial insemination. She only
called him to give back some of his old possessions. She orders
Iris to tell Breezy that she no longer loves him when he comes
home on leave to marry her. She orders them to leave, threatening
to sell the house and inform the IRS of her mother's welfare
fraud if they ever show their faces again. She packs an overnight
bag, ready to "practice" love with him. She packs her bags; takes
some money offered to her by the Wienie King (Robert Dudley), a
strange but rich little man who is thinking of renting the
Jeffers' apartment; and boards a train for Palm Beach, Florida.
She panics and screams, leading to their discovery by Mike. She
passes an anxious day, at the end of which he returns. She
performs a ritual on him to "cleanse" Adam of his sexual needs.
She performs spectacularly, regains confidence, and kisses Ian
after the play. She persuades Jon to try masturbating without
pornography, but he is unable to. She persuades Kim to take the
party back to where they are staying, as the family are out. She
persuades a very reluctant Lieutenant Don Mallory (William
Prince) to help her out, promising it will only take a few
minutes of his day off. She picks Agnès at the street and drives
up to the chalet but finds that a man named Pierre is there and
it seems that Agnès' story is true. She plans to leave Chris by
himself. She plans to make her first airplane trip to Italy to
paint, and her best friend Megan Dayton (Bonnie Hunt) encourages
her to begin dating, although Grace is self-conscious about the
long surgery scar on her chest. She plans to marry Goodwin and
maybe even help him become president of the United States, which
would make her first lady. She plans to quit teaching and marry
her wealthy fiancé, Mark, but when he dumps her after learning
she is only after his money, Elizabeth must resume her job. She
plans to subject it to a planned demolition, which is something
Tyler is opposed to after he gets to know Sydney and her
housemates better. She plays to "McGurk" and tells him that
"Sperry" wants to steal his half and they should run away
together. She plots and schemes to put Rick out of business. She
pointedly explains how inept he is and that she had hoped the
Prince was going to sway her with romance, passion and "gypsy
violins". She practises law strictly by the book; he seems to win
by the seat of his pants, or by "cheap theatrics," as Audrey says
in one scene. She praises Aldys for her kindness and warns the
students that one's persona in high school means nothing in the
real world. She prepares to leave Jon, but he denies that he
watches pornography and claims it was a joke emailed to him by a
friend. She pretends to be contemplating suicide in order to
finagle some money out of a male friend in order to pay her
bills. She pretends to faint from exhaustion after "walking all
day to find a job" and worms her way into his confidence. She
proceeds by showing her proof of their "marriage" with intimate
pictures of her with Richard. She proceeds to confront Jeannie
when Marty calls her to his office to offer her a job on Adam's
sitcom, and hits her in the face, reducing her to tears. She
proclaims her intention of being nothing more than his wife and
thinking only of his domestic needs, but he believes it is an
insincere tactic to win him back. She promises her new husband
that it will only be for a short while. She promises to keep her
secret if Susan will help her sabotage Pamela's efforts to keep
Philip at the academy instead of allowing him to fulfill his wish
to be assigned to active duty. She promises to let Andy tell this
to Trish by himself. She promptly fornicates with Rick and David,
but her boyfriend Paco returns home just as Gary is about to have
his turn, prompting them to flee. She pulls a gun and threatens
to kill herself until he does the same; then she breaks down and
they embrace. She purchases boots to go with her stockings, gets
fitted for gloves, reads expensive magazines while lunching at a
high-class restaurant, and ends her day sharing chocolates with a
fellow theatre goer. She pushes Tramp in a closet and locks Lady
in the basement, then calls the pound to get rid of Tramp. She
puts her arms around him and says, "So, here we go". She quickly
bonds with Julia over their shared love of art and drawing,
leading to Julia asking Piper to become her art tutor. She
quickly corrects the misunderstanding and soon finds herself
liking the amiable lawyer, despite their unpleasant first
meeting. She quit the play because she thought the play wouldn't
be "the best ever". She quits her job in shame, but before she
can tell Deeds the truth about herself, Cobb finds it out and
tells Deeds. She races to the airport and intercepts them just as
they are about to board the aircraft. She rationalizes her
attraction and Nick's flirtations as Nick getting cold feet about
the wedding, until Nick saves her from dancing with his drunk
brother Jay (Yannick Bisson). She reacts by raging against Jim,
so Rossini promptly orders his henchmen to kill Jim at his
wedding. She readily agrees, and they embrace happily. She
realizes he is none other than her dearly beloved Westley, and
follows him down into the gorge, to find him battered but largely
unhurt. She realizes that she actually doesn't really like him or
see him as the man she thought he was back at the resort. She
realizes that she is in love with Michael, and heads to Chicago,
intent on sabotaging his wedding. She recalls Pete's frequent
questions as to why she wants to be above the crowd instead of
being happy being part of the crowd. She receives a call
informing her that she is, in fact, pregnant. She receives a
phone call, allegedly for a job interview with an international
PR firm. She reciprocates and stands up to Gwen for the first
time. She recognizes the familiarity in the last names of the
groomsmen and deduces the scheme. She recognizes the name of
Joe's doctor as that of her father's crony and realizes that Joe
has been set up. She records Jack's proposal of marriage on a
phonograph record to provide proof, but then has second thoughts
about what she has done. She refuses and asks about the kiss. She
refuses and flirts with Ben, who rejects her advances again. She
refuses their offer to stay in favor of getting even with
Stephen. She refuses to believe that they have all ended up in
the room by accident and soon realizes that they have been placed
together to make each other miserable; she deduces that they are
to be one another's torturers. She refuses to date him because
her parents divorced due to adultery and does not want to be an
adulteress herself. She refuses to give Marni a meaningful
apology, and treats her disrespectfully, leaving Marni convinced
that Joanna has not changed. She refuses to let him in, which
leads to a comical intermezzo in which Hugh and Jerry are
arrested by the police. She refuses to pick Richard's calls and
hints him of her discovery of his secret past. She refuses to say
that she thinks so too and instead tells Tom that she still
expects to marry Colin the next day. She refuses, indicating that
it is due to his odor. She refuses, saying that he is obviously a
coward, and promising to make him miserable forever. She refuses,
saying that if he still feels the same way when she has served
her sentence, and he has had time to consider his decision, they
can marry. She refuses. She refuses. She rejects Paul's apparent
proposal, and bids him farewell when the ship reaches Rio. She
rejects him to the fury of her mother and the relief of her
father. She rejects him, stating that she could not love a man
who has caused her sister such unhappiness, and accuses him of
treating Mr Wickham unjustly. She rejects his come-ons, which
only fuels his appetite. She rejects his proposal and tells him
that their feelings have always been different due to their age
difference. She rejects his proposal to move in together, telling
him that he would be better off going back to Lisa. She releases
him with a warning when it becomes clear that the fight was
started by two women fighting over him. She reluctantly accepts
his proposal; she sings to Carl, "I shall love you till I die –
good bye" ("I'll See You Again" (reprise)). She reluctantly
accepts the invitation, and relationships among the three
develop. She reluctantly agreed to take Joe to Waponi Woo after
Graynamore promised to give her the yacht in return. She
reluctantly agrees to three weeks of sittings. She reluctantly
agrees, and Larry eventually convinces her that they were married
in a previous life. She reluctantly agrees, and begins to enjoy
the designer clothes, dance rehearsals, and adoration from fans.
She reluctantly places an advertisement, which is responded by
Robert Fitzgerald. She reluctantly walks down the aisle and the
preacher begins the sermon. She reminds her daughter of her five
failed marriages and worries that Max will make it six. She
reminds him of her past, but he is undeterred. She reminds him
that that is also the length of her music-hall contract. She
repays $5,000 of the $12,000 she stole, saying that she will
repay the rest when she gets a job back in Sydney. She repays
some of the money Marksie stole and in Mexico marries Charley.
She repeatedly tries to break it off, but he continues to cutely
pursue her. She replies by singing: "We were dancing/And the
music and the lights were enhancing/our desire". She replies that
she did not know Bill, but was saddened by the image of Bill in
the coffin. She resisted calling him during her stay in LA but on
the last night she finally gave in. She resists his attempts to
become better acquainted, but finally agrees to dinner, provided
he finds a date for dr Crutcher. She responds by saying that he
should in fact be grateful to her, claiming that, objectively
speaking, she has been a positive influence on his life, making
him a more attractive and interesting person in the eyes of
society. She responds that he has made a mockery of their
marriage and of her. She responds, "Why not. She restates her
firm belief that eighty is the proper age to die. She returns
home following a short vacation, determined to divorce Charlie,
only to discover their apartment has been stripped bare and that
her husband has been murdered. She returns home to Palm Beach,
Florida, where soon Peter shows up to depose showgirl Ginger
Simmons (Marie McDonald) for his defense of gangster George
Ellerby (Douglass Dumbrille). She returns to London, pursued by
the amiable Marquis of Shayne, who is struck by her talent and
sadness; he is sure that he can restore her youthful spirit. She
returns to her hometown in New Jersey and weeps in the same
basement closet. She returns to the Rhode Island School of Design
and begins dating Leo (Jesse Williams), the model for her life
class. She reveals she contracted HIV from her ex, who is
revealed to be Harley. She reveals she slept with Harper (see The
Best Man), even though she knew how much it would hurt Lance,
because she was sick of Lance cheating on her. She reveals she
was responsible for the upgrade, a trick she learned from Daniel.
She reveals that her mother's story is that he raped her while
she was drunk, and refuses to believe that it was in fact mrs
Robinson who seduced Benjamin. She reveals that she stopped
loving him when she found out that he lost his ambitions of being
a rock star and instead became a wedding singer. She reveals that
she was engaged in the past, but when her fiance left for a job
in Arizona, she had to decline in order to take care of her
mother. She reveals that the family was poor during Jack's
childhood, and that he worked hard to put himself through
college. She reveals to Tom that her father is making her house-
sit on the same night as a party she wants to attend, but Tom
convinces her to stand up to her father and attend the party
anyway. She rides along on the group's catching runs, snapping
pictures. She ruefully concludes that he married her out of pity,
but he convinces her that he really did fall in love with her.
She runs around barefoot, dreaming of life outside of the swamp,
and talking to her best friend, Nan, a goat. She runs away and
appears the next day at work with a bandaid on her forehead to
conceal the bruise. She runs away from the clinic, forcing him to
find her so he can tell her she really is pregnant. She runs away
in her bridal gown to a bungalow she owns at Loon Lake, only to
find it occupied by three men with grudges against women. She
runs away. She runs down and opens the door, only to find Mark,
carrying a boom box playing Christmas songs and large cue cards
on which he has written that he loves her, but is willing to step
aside so she can be happy. She runs home, leaving Bryce feeling
miserable. She runs into a friend of Zach's and is comforted by
him. She runs into her friend and bandleader Tommy Cutter (Chick
Chandler), who wants her to sing for two weeks in Reno. She runs
into her handsome Latin friend Jose (John Carroll), who is
curious to see what Stephen looks like. She runs out on the
wedding and is taken to city hall with Gary to be married. She
runs out on their deal again the night Pete returns, and Nelly
threatens to disfigure her. She runs to Darren's house in time to
see him kiss Sandy, but shames him into confessing his engagement
to Judith. She runs to Glenn, wanting to be married immediately.
She runs to Piggly Wiggly and Pete's house, then drives furiously
towards Richmond to overtake her heartbroken friend. She runs to
a window and tries to open it, but it is stuck. She rushes for
her train on the London Underground and misses it. She rushes to
the Empire State Building just moments after the doors to the
down elevator close with Sam and Jonah inside. She sadly replies
that she respects Fran too much to let anything happen between
them and sends Steve away. She sails away with Robert on his
boat, and throws her wedding dress into the Mississippi river.
She sarcastically thanks Gail for what she did, because it
motivated her to become successful in life. She says it is
beautiful, but this would be a difficult to cater, plus Darla
wants a formal reception. She says it is hard to sleep with other
people with him living in the house. She says it was love at
first sight then she went overboard and "surrendered herself
completely," which Abby misinterprets as "she went all the way".
She says she did not recognize him at the time but decided to
write him after catching one of his old movies on TV. She says
she is reading a pamphlet on marriage. She says she needs time to
be happy and grow up on her own. She says that if their husbands
have Hall Passes, so should they. She says that she always has to
move for her mom. She says that she knew it all along and decides
to marry him. She says that she loves him too, and they kiss. She
says yes in broken English as the crowd erupts in applause. She
screams for help when he grabs a sword. She screams to rouse her
sleeping husband, but it is too late; the zombie attacks. She
secretly arranges for Cornelius to meet her there. She secretly
visits her publisher, Joel Archer (Allyn Joslyn), to try to get
him to stop planting stories in the newspapers to generate
interest in the upcoming book. She seduces her wealthy boss
William 'Bill' Legendre Jr. She seduces him, dangling before him
her jewels, teases him with steamy tales of rooftop escapades,
and offers herself as an accomplice who might share his crimes.
She seduces him, then blackmails him into throwing a party at her
mansion, knowing that no one would dare offend him by not showing
up. She seeks consolation in her famous baseball player boyfriend
Cal Cooper (Christian Kane), and in her family, but finds little
there. She seems to be a person of similar success to Gordon and
Jarrod's father even loves her more than Jarrod. She sees Maezumi
crying over a collection of letters and photos from Paris. She
sees Terry and invites him for supper. She sees her father and
mother in the Dodge Caravan next to them having sex, causing her
to freak out and demand that Rusty take her home immediately. She
sees her old London friends after nearly 20 years and entertains
them with Carl's music ("Zigeuner"). She sees him and they sit
down and talk. She sees his injuries and while cleaning him up,
confesses to kissing Chris while at the cottage. She sees his
manuscript, so he starts telling her about his book, overcoming
his stuttering in his enthusiasm. She sees that Danny has a
wedding ring on his hand, and asks him about his wife and he says
how she recently left him for someone else, and the woman from
the bar ends up sleeping with him. She sends her assistant Kevin
to replace the DVD with the right one, filled with childhood
memories. She sends one of the real Ben, and then devises a
reason why they can't meet in person, claiming he is working in
China. She serves them a collection notice for her boss, a debt
collector, but the fast talking O'Neill and Taylor soon have her
working for them as their manager. She sets off to attend college
at SAU and pledge to her mother's once dignified sorority. She
sets up an interview with each woman, in an attempt to learn more
about and get closer to Derek. She shares Charlie’s main
interests of horror movies and Kevin Smith, while being outgoing
and a bit more vulgar like Rob. She shares the details of her
sexual experiences with her friend Kimmie, as well as recording
them on her tape recorder. She shows Frank how Grace struggles
with the long hours he puts her through, without being able to
care for her family. She shows Jjaks her bullet wound and tell
him that Sam's a bad shot. She shows off her dance moves, then
twerks and bounce and backs up to the couple with her massive
rear for them to scream while she bounces and crushing and
suffocate them for them to scream more for the screen to cut to
the next scene. She shows up and all is revealed. She shows up in
a chauffeur-driven car. She shows up late, in high heels and a
dress, and is put to work scrubbing the toilet and cleaning pots
and pans. She signs off by saying she may lose her virginity to
Todd, and proudly declares "it's nobody's goddamn business". She
sings "Beneath the Lights of Home" at the benefit. She sings
"Wind Beneath My Wings" at Wendy's door, and the two girls join
in, forgiving her. She sits next to a man, also wearing glasses,
who thinks she's "quite a strudel" and encourages her to put hers
on. She skips out without paying Maw the back rent she owes, even
though Maisie gives her $20 to do so, and she has just received a
$100 money order from Breezy. She slaps him and runs into the
club, and Javier agrees to walk her home. She slaps him when he
claims to be in love with her ("Snap out of it. She slips off the
roof, but Robie grabs her hand before she can fall. She slowly
realises that the attraction the two exert for her is
irresistible. She sneaks back into Bob's car undetected. She
sneaks out of the house again and asks Marty to buy art supplies
- in reality parts for her contraptions. She snoops in his
suitcase while he bathes, finding memorabilia showing the truth
of his stories and travels. She soon becomes a great favorite of
Olaf's. She soon becomes pregnant, and Ted tells Gerald about the
pills he gave her, but says nothing about telling her they were
vitamins. She soon discovers that Martin is alive, but remains
happily married to Ferris until, Martin, her former love, re-
enters their lives 14 years later. She soon falls for somebody
but is left heartbroken and disturbed, largely thanks to her
emotionally unstable friends. She soon finds herself writing an
article called "How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days". She soon finds
solace with a local pet shop owner who steals her heart with his
natural charm and his lovable inventory. She soon finds that what
he really requires is advice in all aspects of his life. She soon
grows depressed as future plans for her living happily ever after
now appear doomed. She soon realises that she must choose who she
wants to be with, if only to avoid being branded a bigamist. She
soon returns, however, and is told by Chris that Lincoln is
bothered with functional euphonia too. She spends her free time
reading Heidegger. She spends more time with Henry and goes to
see some of her old friends. She spends most of her time at night
reading. She spends the day with Eddie, his friend and co-pilot,
Dave Campbell (Jack Carson), and Dave's wife Jean (Jane Wyman)
(who had put Maria to bed). She spends the night crying and close
to dawn Manise tells her that Alain is at Claire's. She spends
the night drinking wine, and in a drunken fit of anguish, she
posts a comment on John's social media wall while using her fake
profile, posing as a scorned young woman whom he had a torrid
love affair with. She spurns all of his advances until he learns
to respect her views. She spurns his initial advance as her past
relationships with men have not gone well, but after a heated
exchange in the men's restroom, she meets him for dinner. She
stabs him in the leg with a fork in retaliation for a treacherous
trick he played on her, but they have a friendly chat early in
the story, and a longer, more heart-to-heart conversation later.
She stands there; heartbroken, sad and crying, realizing that
maybe it was not meant to be and she walks away happy. She stands
up to Fiona, quits her job at the diner, and moves in with
Rhonda, who also quits along with the entire diner staff, all of
whom had only put up with so many years of Fiona's abuse after
Hal's death for Sam's sake. She starts off well, but during the
jump she lets go of the handle and crashes into the water. She
starts to cry, so the chef conveys to her to sit down. She starts
to feel socially awkward and out of place, alone in the room full
of strangers. She starts to make friends in the popular crowd as
they get a chance to know her. She starts to think of suicide as
an escape from her torments. She states that just because she
stopped being friends with her in 6th grade didn't mean she
stopped being friends, she figured Dylan's decisions were
affected by the death of her mother. She states that she feels
like she is being treated like Sophie and “gifted” by Billy to
Paddy, which Paddy overhears. She states, "If you love someone,
set him free; if you have to stalk him, he probably wasn't yours
in the first place". She stayed at home and learned how to cook,
becoming a renowned chef as an adult. She stays for the adventure
and revenge against her father, suggesting that they extort a
huge ransom. She steals the diamond, worth fifty thousand
dollars, her Father used as collateral for a loan, which the
brokers plan to cheat him out of; and, the chase is on, with the
crooked loan sharks and police after her. She still considers the
country the enemy responsible for the death of her son during
World War II, but her feelings change when she meets mr Asano on
board the ship. She still has alcohol on her breath from that
morning and is arrested. She still hasn't forgiven him for
leaving her several years ago. She still plans to marry Rudi,
though, whom she has finally gotten to propose, after refusing to
be his mistress. She stops him, but without a boyfriend decides
to take him as her date to Daisy's wedding. She storms off angry
at the news, and later that night, she and Ryan take an evening
swim in her pool as it's raining, falling in love with each
other, before being chased off by her dad. She storms upstairs to
complain, whereupon Jerry falls hopelessly in love with her and
proceeds to pursue her all over London. She struggles to come up
with excuses, and they take the afternoon off, during which
Richard and Julia are married. She stumbles and balks and can't
really explain where the idea came from. She subsequently
confesses to Hemant. She subsequently takes Gregory's place as
centre forward, and Gregory in turn replaces his friend Andy
(Robert Buchanan) as goalkeeper. She succeeds and the Harriers
win the tournament. She succeeds in convincing him that she has
an intelligent, inquiring mind that he admires, although this is
all done through deception. She succeeds in hurting Kiki's
feeling and causing her to eat again. She successfully contacts
Jake and the two begin to date again. She suggests that they can
buy a house and her therapist has organised a job interview for a
statistic analyst post at a university. She suggests that they go
to a restaurant called Taco Butt. She suggests to Wyatt that he
break up with Kim by sending her a scathing letter and a topless
picture of himself with Ivy. She surprises Mickey by attending
the burial so he won't be alone. She survives and is supported by
Isabel and her lawyer. She survives and the incident brings all
closer together, although the men constantly bicker about each
other's sexual misconduct. She takes Bobby to several places that
put him completely out of his element and then he takes her to a
baseball card show where she discovers a different side of him.
She takes Jill out for a lunch and tries to talk her out of Don's
life. She takes Kim to a club, where they get drunk. She takes
Scott out into the hallway and they kiss, which turns Scott back
into himself. She takes a closer look at the presents he gave
her. She takes a seat at Godfrey's table and attempts to
negotiate a peace with him — but only on her terms. She takes her
mom's and sister's feedback and decides to try to carve out a new
future for herself. She takes her to an outdoor craft market and
"accidentally" runs into Randy, who questions her about her
marriage. She takes him back to her apartment, leaves to get wine
and as she is in the kitchen he discovers her "PLAN" sheet that
has all the details about her seducing him on it. She takes him
to church where a Bony preacher sees them, and marries them on
impulse. She takes him up on his offer, only with Davis, not
Gaspard. She takes the blame and tells Michael that she is the
one who has fooled around in the recent past. She takes the
earrings off easily and gives them to the robbers. She takes the
general to a nightclub, tries to get him drunk, coaxing him to
sing and dance in a vain attempt to humiliate him. She takes the
lead in a play which is being directed by Rick Sommers (Steve
Cochran), the man who was both her Svengali and her lover. She
takes the letter back and runs into the bathroom to read it. She
takes the woman to the city, ostensibly to have an operation to
cure her shortsightedness, but blinds her instead. She talks to
Caleb, relaxing and seducing him verbally while Marc takes
advantage by performing oral sex on him. She talks to Jonathan at
the bookstore and a new relationship blossoms. She taps him and
he jumps up and yells "Boo. She teaches him what kind of men
Ashley likes. She teaches them to conga and demonstrates to
Bertram the meaning of the phrase "yum yum" (kisses). She teases
him about his baseball uniform that she saw him in earlier, and
they share their first kiss. She telephones Finch that she is in
town and will call on him at 4m. She telephones the police, then
tells Steve that the contract is nothing but a scam; she then
confesses to Steve that she herself is a crook and that she only
married him in order to fleece him. She tells Anne she doesn't
know what the big deal about sex saying why should two people
huff and puff, rubbing up against each other when she can
accomplish the same thing by herself in two minutes. She tells
Barry that while she gave Barry's father 35 of the best years of
her life, she's going to start living life her way with the man
she really loves. She tells Brooke she had the letter in her
purse, but at the last moment, could not bring herself to take it
out. She tells Candace maybe it was for the best and that if she
really loves her son, she would finish packing and leave him,
making Candace more overwhelmed and fed up. She tells Charles
that she mistook Robert for someone else, thus ending the battle.
She tells David about her blindness. She tells David that her
Aunt has given her the million dollars, and she wants to donate
it to the museum, but David is more interested in telling her
that the day spent with her was the best day of his life. She
tells Don that her favorite quote is: "I only ask to be free. She
tells Gerry the news, but does not manage to tell him of her
pregnancy. She tells Gyeon-woo that the Girl can give advice to
him about his impending trip to England, to which he replies, "I
don't have to go anymore". She tells Josh it is him and to all of
their surprise, runs into his arms and kisses him before bolting
off. She tells Kenneth about the death of her mother when she was
young and that her mission is to prevent it. She tells Luke how
guilty she feels about what happened, and that she really loves
him and wants to marry him. She tells Mark she is not attracted
to him, because of his looks and failing financial situation, but
is going out with him as a favour to his best friend Greg
Kleinschmidt (LouisK). She tells Mickey she bought the bar after
the old owner killed herself, "over some guy". She tells Mr Darcy
immediately and departs in haste, believing she will never see
him again as Lydia's disgrace would ruin the family's good name.
She tells Patricia that she knows someone who wants to meet her,
a philanthropist, but Patricia refuses. She tells Quinn she
started dating Guillaume (Ebon Moss-Bachrach), and she doesn't
want to be back with him. She tells her sister Cassandra that she
wants to live in a Jane Austen novel. She tells him about
Bandslam, an annual music competition in which the winning band
gets a recording contract. She tells him he is in for a great
reception. She tells him he will not be able to stop the wedding
and then calls the police claiming that her house is being
burgled. She tells him her true identity, but he still wants to
marry her. She tells him sadly that they've broken up, to which
Josh says that isn't what he heard from Peter. She tells him she
can't be with someone who isn't 'into' her, and he, after a
passionate kiss, offers to have sex with her to prove he is into
her, in every possible way. She tells him she did this to be
different from all the women he knew, and make him love her. She
tells him she feels the same way, but refuses to marry him, as
they will soon be forced apart. She tells him she feels the same
way. She tells him she hopes to pick it up again as she is also
now staying in New York, with Jake clearly thrilled. She tells
him she is leaving Leo, and they exit together. She tells him she
still plans to marry the wealthy Brice. She tells him she's
divorcing George's stepfather. She tells him that a zerophiliac
can become "a-morphic" and stop changing sex only by having sex
with another zerophiliac. She tells him that after talking to her
friends, she realizes she can't continue lying to herself and
ends their relationship. She tells him that he must do something,
but by then his paranoia has kicked in and he has begun adding up
facts into a big scheme to kill him, which also involves his
children, based on the song that they sang to him at his birthday
and the changes that they made to fit him (the song involves the
story of a poor boy who has to steal flowers for his dying mother
in the hospital, only to find that when he finally arrives, she
is already dead), Alain changes his will again: all goes to
Claire. She tells him that if he wants to succeed, he needs to
take bigger risks. She tells him that if she fails to find a
mate, she will kill herself by jumping from a hotel window. She
tells him that she is engaged to Richard and Don storms off. She
tells him that she is in fact a widow, and that he has passed the
test with flying colours. She tells him that she wants to keep on
seeing him; he jokes that it will cost her. She tells him that
she wished the money was only a small portion of what he owned
and it wouldn't matter that she took it, and tells Raymond he's a
"common crook". She tells him that, underneath the fancy clothes,
she is a "people" too. She tells him to leave. She tells him to
never contact her again, as he sees how shallow she is and
realizes he is better off without her. She tells him what she had
done, claims that Taft managed to get the gun from her and hit
her and she is now afraid of the repercussions. She tells the
newlyweds to appreciate each other, to be patient, and to try
harder, like she should have. She tells them that back in her
homeland, she was a violinist. She tells them to wait and goes to
him and the two embrace. She then angrily reveals to her parents
the truth about dropping out of law school and living with Marcus
for the past few months when Miguel offers to 'toss the ball' and
Lucia's mother Sonia refers to it as 'our wedding'. She then
breaks down and laments over Keith being married and expecting a
baby while she is still alone and miserable. She then bumps into
George and demands to know where her mother is. She then calls
Cynthia from her office overlooking Manhattan to say she's landed
her dream job. She then calls the police to report her missing
jewelry. She then continues to tell him that she doesn't care
what he is employed as and that she misses him and wants to be
together with him. She then creates a list of things and places
for Ely to avoid in order for them to stay away from each other.
She then discovers a mixtape in her mail from an admirer. She
then does a song and dance number at a school pep rally to get
people's attention to watch her via web cam, where she confesses
what she has done (the web cam is the framing device of the
film). She then duels Dawg while Shaw gets trapped below in
rapidly rising water with the treasure. She then figures out that
Bruce 2 is in Ely's apartment and their kiss wasn't just a kiss.
She then flies into an angry outburst when a man copying down her
speech is pointed out to her. She then gets to know him. She then
goes to Richard to say goodbye so she can stop messing up her
life and everyone else's since the reason Charlie stopped singing
was her becoming pregnant right before they graduated. She then
goes to church and confesses her infidelity. She then happily
embraces him. She then has to take a quick work-related flight.
She then hugs him and he says he will make her a crème brûlée.
She then makes amends with Janis and Damian, reconciles with
Aaron, and reaches a truce with the Plastics. She then passes out
from drinking too much. She then plans to go through with the
artificial insemination, reading the directions as the sperm
arrives. She then reconciles with Adam. She then recounts the
lecture received earlier to Lisa, who gets infuriated over
Robert's double standards. She then returns to Moscow. She then
reveals that her first name is actually Platisha. She then
reveals to the media about a guy named Deven "Dev" Shah, who
conned her for a fake Hussain painting. She then runs away and
tries to kill herself but she does not. She then says that her
relationship with Steven is over, and that the sex hadn't meant
anything. She then teaches him how to waltz ("Can I Have This
Dance. She then tells Jessica that she thinks Helen "is a very
nice girl". She then tells Spider to bring Chick, who's hiding in
an alley, back to her room upstairs. She then tells her that Josh
is worried about her, that the film won the film festival and
that she is more popular than ever. She then visits Tom at work
and tells him she wants to plan their wedding now, to which Tom
happily agrees. She then wakes up after Daisy's bachelorette
party and discovers that she hooked up with her ex-boss Roger
(Joel McHale). She thinks he's gay at first, based on a lie
Kevin's former girlfriend Fiona (Monet Mazur) told her. She
thinks of the love note and goes to the actor's apartment to
secure it. She thinks she can find a suitable husband by
inspecting their clients' tax documents. She thought she was the
wife of Bao-long Wan (played by Bo-jie Wang), who was a Taiwanese
film star at that time. She throws a birthday party for him,
reuniting him with his old colleagues. She throws a tantrum,
blaming him for thinking that she is "easy". She tracks down
shoplifters and transfers them to her boss Dirk, who beats up the
shoplifters as punishment. She tracks him to his Park Avenue
apartment. She trains a group to win a dance contest, the
'Requebra 2000', that would give them the necessary money to
carry their plans. She travels from Bangkok to Tel Aviv smuggling
drugs. She travels to Haleakaloha in hope of finding proof that
Doc has violated an outdated (but still in effect) morality
clause in the will which would keep him from inheriting the stock
and thus enable her to retain control. She tricks Char into
thinking she has eloped with another man, leaving Char
heartbroken. She tries repeatedly to brush him off as she sets
her sights on the charming, classy widowerD. She tries to
convince Megan to go to prom. She tries to distract him, but
Andre spots de Sugorola trying to sneak out of her suite, tosses
him out into the hall and breaks up with Simone. She tries to
explain about the earrings when they are held up by robbers. She
tries to explain but is prevented from doing so by nurses, who
believe she is just hysterical. She tries to explain that she is
divorcing Brad, and he tells her it doesn't matter - she didn't
trust him. She tries to figure out if she has an identity beyond
"Mike Dexter's girlfriend". She tries to forget Nick and focus on
Darla's wedding plans while a bridal magazine interviews G, who
takes sole credit for all their weddings - for which Lauren has
done most of the work. She tries to get Danny and Hank an
audition for Shaw's band, but their jealous hi-jinks get them
both fired. She tries to persuade George that mrs Dezlow is doing
the same thing to him that the professors did to her, namely
molding him to satisfy her wishes and expectations, but he does
not agree. She tries to persuade Veronica to forget her former
American lover and marry the annoying Baron Zoltan Faludi, who
followed her to New York, but the princess ignores her. She tries
to pull them apart, but Ashley is smitten with the rich,
"endearing gentleman" he appears to be. She tries to send a
telegram to her father collect, but cannot because she would have
to show some ID. She tries to steer him away from the subject of
Ursula. She tries to talk to Izzy that night, but he ignores her,
forcing her to give up. She tries to use it to coerce Julian to
resume his previous relationship with her, but Julian rebuffs her
advances. She tries to win over substitute teacher Scott
Delacorte, who is also wealthy because his family runs a watch
company. She turns around only to find his table is suddenly
empty and figures he ran away. She turns it down, because of her
love for Richard. She turns out to be a gorgeous blonde and they
have sex all night. She turns out to be of a distinctly southern
background, having been born to fundamentalist parents in
Mississippi and ran away from them. She turns to Carter, who
tracks them down, and reunites the two sisters. She turns to
Martha, who says she'll take care of everything. She ultimately
reveals her true feelings which ends up taking an effect on
everybody at the shower. She undertakes an exercise program with
him, determined to help him walk without his walker. She
unexpectedly sees her mother there, and Rose tells her that Cosmo
is having an affair; Loretta is doubtful. She unties a couple of
them, who then free the other girls, and then bumps into Miss
Dorothy. She unties him. She urges her family to sign the
documents allowing their land to be sold, and then she and Henry
go to the country to obtain the signatures of her Aunts Pitty and
Patty and Uncle Goliath. She uses various means to make herself
feel less lonely and more important, such as sending herself a
welcome message and having herself paged in the hotel lobby. She
visits Gyeon-woo in school and pulls him out of class, telling
the teacher that Gyeon-woo is the father of her soon-to-be-
aborted baby. She visits the White House to break up with
Shepherd and says that she has a job possibility in Hartford,
Connecticut. She wakes up one morning after a wild farewell party
for a group of them to find that while drunk the night before,
she married a soldier whose name she can't remember, except that
"it had a z in it. She wakes up the next morning in his apartment
wearing his pajamas. She walks home by herself, where she finds
Vinny waiting for her in a fancy limousine. She walks off sad and
soon hears a music group singing, and Jason comes back and asks
her to marry him, which she accepts. She walks off, determined to
finally leave once and for all, only to be followed by Kiko. She
walks out the elevator, and Miggy is very upset. She wanted to
see Corkle, but runs into Murdoch instead. She wanted to take a
gondola to the Bridge of Sighs and kiss Daniel so as they could
love each other forever. She wants a new look for the magazine.
She wants the lead in Parker's new play, The Siren. She wants to
give up her dreams of playing Classical Flute at Juilliard School
and win a roller disco contest at the beach. She wants to have
sex as well, but Larry declines, not wanting to take advantage of
her inebriated state. She wants to participate in a music program
that could giver her a $10,000 scholarship. She wants to punish
Dill for his perceived unfaithfulness, while Aunt Paula wants to
avoid scandal. She wants to see Trainer the evening before the
meeting at a party, which she will attend in a dress of
Katharine's. She wants to win Jim's love without the temptation
of her wealth. She warns her mother to stop her attempt at once,
but Marietta keeps trying. She warns him that he is merely the
latest in a long line of butlers. She was one of his 'victims'
and the relationship had ended badly. She was the one that passed
Orville in the veiled box, and also the one that purchased him.
She welcomes him to her ramen shop and they kiss. She will show
Lucy the "true Italy". She wishes him the best and he storms out
with his belongings. She works as a cashier at a fast food
restaurant and has a crush from afar on Jarrod (Jemaine Clement),
a geek who works in a video game store. She works as a flight
attendant, and her job lets her travel all around the world and
live an independent life without commitments. She works for Queen
Anne of France, who is secretly conducting an affair with the
Duke of Buckingham. She works for a womanizing divorce attorney,
Gaylord Stanton (Kenneth MacKenna), who only dates married women;
he has no intention of ever getting married and sees wives as
safe, since they already have husbands. She writes a note
agreeing to marry Jimmy and sends the hired hand to deliver it.
She writes a script inspired by Hannah and Elliot, which greatly
upsets Hannah. She writes him a note, and he invites her into his
dressing room. She writes on a check that she has no money to
speak of, and Andre good-naturedly tears it up. She writes she
will stand in the middle of the baseball field and wait for Sam
to come and kiss her. She wrote a successful self-help book about
how women can't truly be in love and experience "mental orgasm".
She yells at him so much that his mother, Catherine (Melissa
McCarthy), gets into an argument with Pete. She's a tough-talking
schoolteacher who plays therapist to all Patti's problems, while
she's got a few of her own. She's a young, strikingly beautiful,
Northern girl who has moved to a small town outside London, to
take her first teaching job. She's also a spoiled brat, partying
all night, complaining on the set, unable to perform well. She's
been having discussions with a Japanese automaker that wants to
hire New England Wire & Cable to manufacture stainless steel wire
cloth for making airbags, something which will make the company
profitable again. She's being unwillingly wed to the already
much-married King (Leon Askin), while the boys end up married to
each other. She's dating Brian (Leonardo Nam) and sleeps with
him, but the condom breaks. She's gone". She's living with her
daughter Barbara (Barbara Bates), her son-in-law Jerry Denham
(Robert Wagner) and her little grandchild. She's moving out of
the apartment with the assistance of her friend Charles
(Lansing). She's supposed to be away at law school, but confides
to Reed that she quit school two years earlier, and has been
working as a waitress while she fruitlessly pursues a career in
music. She, Mitch and Bill follow Tim to where the real
helicopter is stashed. She, her brothers January (Gary Gray) and
February (Billy Gray), and her twin brothers March (Warren
Farlow) and April (Wayne Farlow) are orphans. She, however, is
engaged to marry the much older Clive Lattimer (Edmund Breon).
She, too, accepts Taylor's secretly filmed marriage proposal --
two down and one to go. She, too, rejects him because she says
she has no need for a man, and he is furious yet again. Sheila
Moore (Gish) takes a job at a candy store to support her father,
an out-of-work vaudevillian. Sheila and her new husband, Troy,
are the first to arrive, followed (in order) by Patricia and
Gavin, Terry and Dianne, and Angela and Marcus. Sheila arrives
with the MPs on her heels and helps Robert escape, but encounters
Sonya and sees her name engraved on the bracelet. Sheila invites
them to dinner and they accept. Sheila takes pity on him and
allows him a graceful exit. Sheila tearfully confesses that she
has been taking Mike to chemotherapy; she tries to apologize for
being dishonest, but he leaves her. Shelby gives Julian a check
for two million dollars, covering the funding gap created by the
donor pull-out. Shelby is living the life she has always dreamed
of: as a cast member of a popular The Real Housewives television
show franchise, she is now a prominent and notorious reality
television star and part of the social elite. Shelby, having
previously turned Carter down after he defended her at the
Halloween dance, aims to pursue him since he is now popular, but
after finally seeing her true colors, he turns her down for
Astrid, the high school's goth DJ and announcer. Sheldon
complains constantly to his therapist about her, wishing aloud
that she would just disappear. Sheldon is persuaded by his
psychiatrist to see a psychic, Treva (Julie Kavner), to try to
get his mother back to reality. Sheldon takes his shiksa fiancée,
Lisa (Mia Farrow), to meet his mother, who immediately
embarrasses him. Sheldrake calls Baxter to his office but says
that he has found out why they were so enthusiastic. Sheldrake
maintains that he genuinely loves her but then leaves to return
to his suburban family as usual. Sheldrake moves into a room at
his athletic club but now figures that he can string Fran along
while he enjoys his newfound bachelorhood. Sheldrake rewards Bud
with a further promotion and fires Miss Olsen for telling Fran
his history of womanizing. Shelley Darlington (Anna Faris) is an
aspiring Playboy Playmate living the life of luxury in the
Playboy Mansion. Shelley crashes the meeting and gives a
heartfelt speech about what her experience with the Zetas has
taught her about love and acceptance, and asks for pledges on the
spot; gradually thirty students agree to pledge, and the sorority
is saved. Shelley goes out on a date with Oliver, and while her
flirty tactics work with most guys, they fail with him, for he is
a guy who actually wants to get to know Shelley rather than just
sleep with her. Shelley has remained in close contact with mr
Hefner and her friends at the Playboy mansion. Shep becomes
angry, believing she enchanted him just to spite Merle, and the
two quarrel. Shep confronts Gillian and leaves her heartbroken.
Shepherd andJ. Shepherd declares he is "going over to her house
and I'm not leaving until I get her back", but Wade enters the
Oval Office before he can leave. Sheppard is, however,
exasperated by Gladys' fascination with her signs and her
requests he tour the city with her to see them. Sherman gets his
manicurist girlfriend Dotty (Jean Rogers) to pretend to agree to
marry him in a couple of months. Sherman has an imaginary
conversation with Helen, trying to convince her, in three fantasy
sequences, that he is irresistible to women, including his
secretary, a nurse, and Helen's bridesmaid, but she laughs it
off. Sherman heads to his lab where he uses Denise's methodology
to isolate and remove the gene in Sherman's DNA where Buddy has
manifested. Sherman then decides to end his engagement and break
up with Denise. Sherman then starts working on Porter. Sherry
admits to spending the night with Theresa and admits his
infidelity in a rather abrupt and unapologetic manner. Sherry
then sees how much his wife loves him and is convinced to reform
his former ways. Sherwood realizes Baroque's companion, the
alleged Grand Duchess Alix (Verree Teasdale), is really Mabel
McGuire, his old friend from Hoboken, New Jersey, and threatens
to reveal her identity unless she convinces Baroque to design the
costumes of a musical revue in which she will star. Sherwood then
opens Maison Elegance, a new Paris fashion house that's a great
success until Baroque discovers Lynn is forging his sketches.
She’s going to sleep in her old “Tin Lizzie”. Shifting to the
modern story, mrs Orrin (Effie Shannon), Eve's (Constance
Talmadge) mother, goes into hysterics at the thought of losing
her daughter. Shirin is an absent-minded, yet sophisticated,
young Iranian-American woman who lives in "Tehrangeles", the
large Iranian community of Los Angeles. Shirley (Chandra
Currelley), accompanied by Aunt Bam (Cassi Davis), visits dr
Frank Wallace (Omarr Dixon). Shirley Mae's troubles come to his
door after she takes too many pills. Shirley dies, and her spirit
goes up to Heaven ("Heaven Waits for Me") and this makes everyone
sad (as they strongly cry for her loss) and scared of what will
happen in their futures without her (calling out to the Lord).
Shirley look upset and Donnie and Byron sing her a gospel song.
Shlomtsi and Tzedek who are still waiting in Eilat begin to
suspect Abigail. Shocked and confused, she flees and runs into
teenager Annika (Chloë Grace Moretz) and her friends. Shocked at
the behavior of her "idol", she smashes a vase over his head and
runs out. Shocked by her changes, the Warners and Becca's
boyfriend Travis try to take it in stride and decide to put up
with Crawl, who had gotten off on the wrong foot with Walter,
Becca's father, when he dropped her off at college. Shocked by
the remark, Mimi decides to make a date with Gary. Shocked by
their carelessness, and deciding the girls should start making
their own cash, Reed puts them to work at the dairy to teach them
responsibility. Shocked by this, Samantha decides to go home, but
also decides to stay with Jerry to see the situation to the end.
Shocked of what she discovered, Samantha confronts Top about it
but she was surprised when he admits it. Shocked speechless
before finishing the toast, he realizes what he may still be able
to save. Shocked, the police tell them they already have the
murderer in custody, and it is not any of them, it was the woman
Steve started seeing after dumping Connie. Shonda also meets
Sabrina's cousin, Sebastian (Romeo Miller), who is instantly
drawn to her. Shonda is attracted to him as well but she feels
uncomfortable because she thinks he's too young for her. Shortly
after Cody kicks out Derek's microchip, the two of them remove
the CIA director's microchip. Shortly after Cynthia's funeral, at
which the three remaining friends are reunited for the first time
since college, Annie's husband, Aaron (Stephen Collins), leaves
her for her younger therapist (Marcia Gay Harden) and asks her
for a divorce after spending a night together (and leading Annie
to believe it would reconcile them); Brenda has a rather
unpleasant encounter at a clothing store with her ex, Morty (Dan
Hedaya) and his younger and rather hateful mistress Shelly (Sarah
Jessica Parker), and Elise finds out that her soon-to be ex-
husband, Bill (Victor Garber), is requesting alimony and half of
their marital assets claiming that Elise owes her fame to him.
Shortly after arriving he almost knocks a local café owner, Fanny
Chenal, off her bicycle as a result of his careless driving.
Shortly after enrolling into school, Billy becomes attracted to a
teacher named Veronica Vaughn, who initially ignores him. Shortly
after filming begins, Charlyne meets a boy after her own heart:
Michael Cera. Shortly after his arrival, Ralph goes to a strip
club, meeting the exotic dancer Miranda Greene (Camille Coduri).
Shortly after learning she is pregnant, Meg unexpectedly hooks up
with a younger man, Ken (Jake Lacy), after meeting him at Alice's
office Christmas Party. Shortly after proposing to Lisa, Billy
finds an old bottle of scotch he and his friends stole in their
childhood days and calls Sam and Archie, who immediately propose
a bachelor party for Billy in Las Vegas before his wedding that
weekend. Shortly after the new couples leave the drama camp.
Shortly after the traveler leaves, Dixon strong-arms him over a
photocopier, nearly blowing his chance for promotion, before
later promising Viktor that he will never let him leave the
airport. Shortly after this, Cody gets into a fight with a number
of bullies, at the party. Shortly after this, the spell lifts and
they return to their original bodies. Shortly after, Adam is
given a role in an upcoming sitcom, and she is shocked to
discover a speeding ticket sent to Adam showing him in a car with
Brianna. Shortly after, Boullard sets out to New York, where he
plans on reuniting with his daughter Lauren (Caron), whom he has
not seen for over 25 years, since his American wife divorced him
for flirting with another woman. Shortly after, Victor's recently
deceased family coachman, Mayhew appears in the afterlife and
informs Victor of Victoria's impending marriage to Barkis.
Shortly after, an Arab, Tarak (Paul David Magid), informs Jack
about Omar's true intentions and claims that Omar has the "Jewel
of the Nile"; and just as Tarak finishes his explanations, the
Angelina mysteriously explodes. Shortly after, his landlord
speaks to him about his wife Constance Bonacieux's kidnapping.
Shortly after, hotel guest Dianne Carter (Fabares) insists on
taking a lesson minutes after Scott checks in with his new
"employer". Shortly after, mr Gao has another stroke, and in a
moment of anger, after a fight with both Simon and Wei-Wei, Wai-
Tung admits the truth to his mother. Shortly after, she learns
from her son that Avice has been one of Michael's casual trysts.
Shortly afterward, Barney pulls up, already irritated by the fact
that no one told him about the birth, which happened all too
fast, but his anger is exacerbated when Gomer (Jim Nabors) and
Goober (George Lindsey) mistakenly refer to Andy as "sheriff".
Shortly afterward,J. Shortly afterwards Cody and Derek chase
Diaz, armed with a rocket gun, through London streets, but Cody
is captured by the Metropolitan Police Service and taken to
Scotland Yard. Shortly afterwards Miles and Iris are eating lunch
together, and Maggie calls Miles wanting to see him. Shortly
afterwards, d'Artagnan begins an affair with Madame Bonacieux.
Shortly before Izzy's match with Rodney, he witnesses him
receiving a bag of clothes from one of the teachers; while he was
the toughest guy on the street, he was just a poor kid dealing
with problems at home. Shortly before Julie's next birthday,
after dropping 2-1/2-year-old Joe off at Julie's house after a
day out, Jason presents her with a present: a photo scrapbook of
the couple, and then the three of them (that he'd made for her
birthday prior, but she never received due to their abrupt
parting), consistent with Julie's prior statement that Jason and
Joe were her family. Shortly before the wedding, Sadie becomes
reluctant to have the wedding, among other things because Ben has
not prepared marriage vows as Frank instructed them to do, but
instead drew a flip cartoon of a truck. Shortly thereafter, at
Julie's birthday dinner out (about 18 months after Joe's birth),
Jason is surprised to find that she invited only him. Shortly
thereafter, the three friends receive the letters that Cynthia
mailed to them before her suicide. Shortly thereafter, they come
upon a man lying in the middle of the dark highway, forcing them
to veer off the road in order to avoid hitting him and wrecking
the car in the process. Shortly thereafter, unbeknownst to the
duo, Red reveals his true form as a demon hell cat who intends to
take the horn for himself with Carface's help. Showboat again
pays up, and this time the cash was taken by Aunt Lucy who
informed all that the money was just enough to clean her house.
Showing what true friends are, Auggie snaps back at Ryan, stating
that despite everything they will always be there to support him.
Shunned by other students for her tomboyish personality and
appearance, she spends most of her free time either by herself or
in illicit meetings with her romantic partner Wendy, a married
woman who drops by the gas station when it pleases her, even
though Randy knows they are in a dead-end relationship. Shy Bryce
hates this event, but has no choice in the matter. Shy and
awkward, Mike sticks out like a sore thumb on his first day, but
is quickly befriended by Slim and Roland. Shy mountain trapper
Yancy (Audie Murphy) travels through Wyoming with his uncle and
aunt. Shy, soft-spoken Joel Barish and the unrestrained free-
spirit Clementine Kruczynski begin a relationship on a Long
Island Rail Road train from Montauk, New York to Rockville
Centre. Sidney Redlitch (Ernie Kovacs), the author of the best-
selling book Magic in Mexico, arrives in Shep's office (thanks to
a little magic) after Gillian discovers Shep's interest in
meeting him. Sidney and Carl go to Connecticut and decide to try
out the second act of their new play, st Anne. Sierra Young is a
rising ingénue, making $10 million per picture. Sierra also meets
Nettie's grandson, Tyler, head of the local community theater.
Sierra invents a name, tells Nettie a wild story, and reads for a
part in Tyler's production of "Taming of the Shrew". Similarly
Peabody Jr. Simmons), and Ferrigno. Simms fires back that Roy's
problem is playing recklessly instead of playing the percentages.
Simms immediately fires Roy. Simms shows up at Roy's trailer
ahead of a local benefit tournament. Simms warns Roy that he'll
fire him if he tries, but Roy does anyway, hitting a brilliant
shot onto the green. Simms yet again lays up at the 18th hole,
playing it safe, although this takes him out of championship
contention. Simon Axler is a famed sexagenarian stage actor who
suddenly and inexplicably loses his gift. Simon accepts the
Hongbao from Wai-Tung's father, a symbolic admission of their
relationship. Simon and Nicole extract a promise from Charles
that he will stop selling forged paintings. Simon and Pegeen
begin an affair despite Pegeen's having lived as a lesbian for
the previous 17 years. Simon assures Charles that the fake Venus
is safely out of the country. Simon falls in love with Rose and
proposes to her. Simon finally reveals to Nicole (who still
believes him to be a professional burglar) that he is in fact a
college-educated art expert and investigator hired by the world's
largest galleries to strengthen security and uncover forgeries.
Simon is approaching bankruptcy due to his medical bills. Simon
is extremely upset when he finds out, and his relationship with
Wai-Tung begins to deteriorate. Simon is the elder brother and
therefore the heir, and is already much wealthier than Neil, so,
although Rose is not attracted to him, she decides to marry him
if she can, declaring that she would marry the Devil himself to
escape poverty. Simon reveals that he knows that Nicole wants the
statue stolen because of the technical examination the next day,
and suspected that the statue was a fake because it resembled
Nicole (it was modeled after her grandmother). Simon then sets
off the alarms again. Simon then steals the statue, Nicole hides
it in a cleaner's bucket, and they escape through the basement in
the confusion after it is discovered missing. Simon, who grew up
in New England with his mother, is scholarly and serious, and
loves the English countryside. Simpson (Millard Mitchell), shows
a short demonstration of a talking picture, but his guests are
unimpressed. Simpson, who now wants Cindy's column for his own
paper, is interested in buying. Simultaneously the radio stars
gathered on the roof of their building. Simultaneously, Debbie
drags a timid Alison out partying with her, but they are refused
admission to a nightclub by its apologetic bouncer (Craig
Robinson) on account of Debbie's age and Alison's pregnancy,
leading to Debbie's tearful laments about her life and her desire
to have Pete back. Since Deuce gave back the money to Kate and
was not paid for sex with her, he is cleared of all charges.
Since Eddie is away from his family and unfamiliar with American
holidays, Paige invites him to her parent's dairy farm for
Thanksgiving. Since Gabriella has agreed to join the scholastic
decathlon team, both Taylor and Chad want their teammates to
focus on their upcoming competitions rather than the musical.
Since Hogue is eager to retire, Ben is urged by the locals to
stay and replace him, although he is tempted by his budding
romance with a tomboyish ambulance driver, Vialula, better known
as "Lou," a single mother to a four-year-old named Emma. Since
Kate can't go home bruised and high, Rusty brings her to his
house. Since Lilly wants nothing to do with him, Darrin decides
to quit and returns to New York, where he has been offered his
job back. Since Rossini's men were seen kidnapping him, he
blackmails the gang into persuading her to change her mind. Since
Sydney and Dinky's mothers were Kappas, they survived the rush
and were accepted as legacies. Since Trent had finally paid up,
Douglas lies and says that he had a scheme to break up Michael
and Roberta's engagement, but that Trent paid him off. Since he
gave the outline to "Sadie", and she had no opportunity to give
it to Marge, Freddie finally realizes that they are one and the
same. Since he has no car, Deb agrees to help him. Since he is a
devout Catholic, he reconciles his beliefs and career choice by
taking a vow of celibacy. Since he is supposed to be a sheep
salesman, Eddie's cover is nearly blown when he is forced to save
the life of an actual sheep who choked on a toy whistle, though
he nearly kills the animal in the process. Since his father and
grandfather have died, Ralph is the only surviving heir. Since
neither is willing to move out of their condo, they compromise by
living as roommates; but, each begins acting out to provoke the
other in increasingly elaborate ways. Since she can't find the
perfect man, thanks to her job, she decides to look for a sperm
donor in different parts of the world, but what she is looking
for her child's father can't be found anywhere in the sperm
banks. Since she has been missing, Fran's brother-in-law Karl
Matuschka (Johnny Seven) comes to the office looking for her.
Since she is now the wealthier of the two parties, his assets are
no longer at risk. Since she looks "so much better without all
that money", she simply takes the other one out. Since she needs
some help, she allows them to help "pull a job," shaking down a
wealthy man for $10,000 after her outraged "husband" (Brad)
breaks in and finds them in a compromising situation. Since
spotting Kate at a restaurant she has become all he can think
about. Since the author is not identified, each family fears that
its secrets will be aired in public. Since the class is important
for Paige's medical school ambitions, she warns Eddie to not get
in her way and reprimands him after he sleeps in through one of
their lab experiments. Since the family had never seen their
son's new wife, they believe Helen to be her. Since the
injunction only applies to public places, Victoria crashes the
stuffy private party being given by mrs Dezlow to promote George.
Since the nanobots are inactive in the cold, he plans to use ice
cubes to distribute them. Since the original backers have walked
out, Tony finances it by selling his personal art collection.
Since the police have the $100,000, Brad assumes the killer will
try the same trick again. Since the room is dark, he mistakes
Brandy for someone else and when he realizes who she is, he
rejects her. Since their winnings from the horse race were left
on the train in Julius's vest, presumably they have no money
either, but Julius offers to pay the bill with cash, perplexing
Lauren and irritating Daniel, who suspects he stole it. Since
then they have gone in different directions and career paths.
Since they are short of money, Celine decides to rob a bank with
Jackson's pistol. Since they lost their money and a $1,200 debt,
the local sheriff takes possession of their plane, Bessie, a
Boeing-Stearman Model 75 cropduster. Since this leaves her as
their rightful and legal owner, Sam sells her stepfamily's fancy
cars so that she can pay for college, and Fiona, who signed the
will as a witness but claims to have never seen it before, is
arrested by the police. Singing-and-dancing stage star Julie
(Betty Grable) is told that husband Marty (Jack Lemmon) is
reported missing in action during Korea. Single mother Jean
(Heather Locklear) relocates every time she gets her heart broken
by another guy, much to the dismay of her teenage daughter, Holly
(Hilary Duff). Sir Cedric Willingham (Peter O'Toole) leads a
search for any surviving heirs to whom to pass the crown. Sir
Charles returns, having discovered that his love for Crystal is
too strong, but she declines his proposal of marriage. Sir Mason
instantly offers it to his best customer,T. Sir Mason offers the
bottle in private auction to both the legitimate "owners", but
they are outbid by Oliver, who is revealed as a multimillionaire
adventurer scientist. Sir Philip Ashlow (Granger), his neglected
wife, Lady Susan Ashlow (Gardner) and his best friend Henry
Brittingham-Brett (Niven) are shipwrecked on a desert island. Sir
Robert complies with the lady's wishes and apparently seals his
doom. Sir Robert made his fortune with that illicit money, and
mrs Cheveley has the letter to prove his crime. Sir Robert
relents, and Lord Goring and Mabel are permitted to wed. Sir
Robert, a prestigious member of the House of Commons, and his
wife, Lady Chiltern, are hosting a gathering that includes his
friend Lord Goring, a dandified bachelor and close friend to the
Chilterns, Mabel Chiltern, and other genteel guests. Sir William
Rutland (Cary Grant) is an important English businessman who
arrives in the city two days early and is greeted by the housing
shortage caused by the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. Sister
Maria explains to the audience what really happened throughout
the show. Sisters Sarah (Lizzy Caplan) and Beth (Alison Brie) are
in relationships with bandmates Andrew (Martin Starr) and Kevin
(Geoffrey Arend). Sitting together in an expensive restaurant as
Hallerton's guest, munching celery, they silently express their
regrets in "I Shouldn't Have Come", sung to the tune of "The Blue
Danube". Sitting under the tree is an old man. Six months after
the accident, she sees Nickie with his former fiancée at the
ballet, which she herself is attending with her former boyfriend.
Six months after the outbreak, civilisation has returned to
normal, with zombies used as cheap labour and entertainment. Six
months into Verona's pregnancy, the couple visit their only
family in the area, Burt's parents, Gloria and Jerry (Catherine
O'Hara and Jeff Daniels), only to find that Gloria and Jerry have
decided to move to Antwerp, Belgium, a month before the baby is
due. Six months later, Lauren in her own wedding consultant
business with her assistant Marc is getting ready for a ceremony
- Nick and Lauren's wedding, held at the carnival with Jay as
best man. Six months later, Miles goes to Las Vegas to give the
keynote address at a convention for divorce attorneys. Six months
later, Paul and Meryl have repaired their marriage. Six months
later; the movie ends with Kokori marrying singer, Kiki, who Alan
and Pride 'discovered' on their first date and signed up to
Scorpio Records. Six people are brought together on a seven-day
cruise that will change their lives forever: This comedy-romance-
drama-musical will make you swoon, cry, laugh, and fall in love
all over again. Six weeks later, mr Herald arrives at an Aqua
Capers rehearsal in an attempt to find Nora, but Ferdi will not
tell him where she is. Sixteen years later, Anna calls her old
friends out of the blue and the friendship is rekindled when her
company temporarily reassigns her to a New York position.
Sixteen-year-old Dedee Truitt (Christina Ricci) runs away from
home. Sixteen-year-old homeschooled Cady Heron and her zoologist
parents return to the United States after a 12-year research trip
in Africa, settling down in Evanston, Illinois. Skeeter, a
jockey, joins up with Julia and Larry as they discuss what to do
with the money. Skilled in financial matters, Paula is able to
acquire the $15,000 the children want without asking what the
amount is for. Sloan catches them and spreads the story all over
town. Slowly Griff and Melody fall in love, and Melody tries to
encourage Griff in his work by presenting him with a 'Universal
SUIT' sent anonymously. Slowly between the two comes a love
affair, but is consumed immediately. Slowly, Beauregard becomes
suspicious of Flame, after his recovery. Slowly, Dex subjects Syd
to the "Tao of Steve", but Syd is immune to Dex's charms. Small-
town girl Katherine (Norma Shearer) steals a train-wreck victim's
lease on a New York City flat in order to enjoy the good life.
Smith is a well-educated woman who feels that when it comes to
men and their tricks, she knows them all. Smokey tries to find
someone who can return the bike, and Ed happens to pass by on his
way to the War Construction Board. Smokey, however, by burning
the information Harvester has brought to Dana, saves Ed's career.
Smoove) and Hog Head (Larry Joe Campbell). Smoove) decide to
drive off to get away. Smoove), but finds none he likes until his
daughter finds a listing with what seems like the perfect house.
Snow White and Prince Charming are married and live happily ever
after. Snow White and the Prince fall in love, but the queen has
him kidnapped when she suspects his true identity. Snow White
escapes her hired assassin and finds refuge in the empty cottage
of the seven dwarfs, soon to be joined by the Three Stooges, who
are traveling to the castle with their ward Quatro. Snug also
asks for Roarer's blessing of his marriage to Rad if he succeeds,
and Roarer reluctantly agrees. Snug and Rad, who are out on a
date, return to Tony's house and there catch Stretch as Crowder
is crushing him against the barn wall. Snug begs Roarer to accept
a double payment in a few days, but Roarer refuses and asks
Sheriff Tod Bursom to enforce his right to reclaim the mules.
Snug bets Roarer that if Moonbeam and Crowder can pull the
tractor free, Roarer will forget Snug's debt, but if they fail,
Roarer will reassume possession of them. Snug expertly drives the
animals and soon the tractor is free. Snug intends to use his
first week's pay for another installment on the mules and is
devastated when Tony, who was holding the money, returns home
drunk and broke. Snug rescues Stretch from Crowder then throws
him off Tony's property. Snug then takes Crowder and Moonbeam to
Tony (Walter Brennan)'s farm, and Tony, who was once a dedicated
mule driver before falling down on his luck and becoming an
alcoholic. So Abigail, Parker, and Rachel sneak into the wedding
and kidnap Caitlin. So Harold simply carries Mary off. So Harry
goes to stay with her in the hotel across the street, while Evie
sadly arranges to return to Ohio the next day. So Jim Dear chains
Scamp to a doghouse outside. So Karel goes to attorney Halsey
Pander (Arthur Hohl), who asks for $50 and promises to make him a
citizen right away. So Ridgeway has to solve the problem. So
Tiffani and Casey set up a phony online profile using the image
of Tiffani's buff ex, Ryan. So at the suggestion of Rusty (who
sees this situation as an opportunity for him and the guys to
make Lauderdale after all), Big Frank hires Rusty and his band to
make the trip to Lauderdale to look after Valerie to make sure
she stays out of trouble. So does Ethel, forcing Arthur to take
his wife home and leaving Theodora alone with Michael. So he
doesn't have to wear the hat". So he goes to Polly's apartment
and waits for her there with the baby. So he pretends that he was
only using her as part of his research. So he rehearses the
apology (to Sybil, to Polly, to himself and to empty space) "I'm
so sorry, I made a mistake", but by the time he reaches the
guests' room, the sentence has become "I'm so sorry, but my wife
has made a mistake. So he would like Stanley, who has debunked
charlatan mystics in the past, to help him prove she is a fraud.
So horribly dirty. So instead, he wishes all the best for the
couple. So love is reborn. So settle the matter once and for all,
Robert invites Claire to dinner on his rover boat the following
night. So she gets her gun and starts chasing after Harold and
Tammy. So she gives herself a makeover, hiding her blond curls
under a dark, severe wig, putting on glasses, and wearing a drab,
unflattering dress. So she leaves his house and drives back home,
still wearing Richard’s sister’s pajamas. So she lies about being
pregnant to save her job, as she saw on an episode of Law & Order
that it is discriminatory to fire a pregnant woman. So she orders
Fulton to give them difficult tasks so they would be best to
quit. So she pretends that her landlady's son is John's real
father. So she turns the second-hand marriage proposal down. So
that she will not be hounded by the press and fortune hunters,
Dorothy makes herself up to look extremely plain. So they decide
to test him. So they decide to travel to st Louis, Missouri to
board another connecting flight. So they go and stay with their
maid and close family friend Inez (María Conchita Alonso) in her
small apartment and their car gets stolen by two guys (Joel
Madden and Benji Madden) they mistakenly took them for valets. So
they thank him for his help and head off to look for the bridge
themselves. So they try to bring this about. So tonight—tonight
is Bruno's last chance. So when Mickey comes looking for Eve that
night, she is almost ready to give in when Zack appears and
assaults Mickey again. So when handsome pediatrician dr Madison
Brown (Cary Grant) asks for her help in making a purchase, she
decides that he is the one for her. So, he develops a scheme to
commit identity theft (though this term was not used for the
crime in 1992) with the credit card information of deceased
cardholders to which he has access due to his mailroom position.
So, he goes looking for the Prospector, hoping that he still
knows the location of the cabin. So, he wants the crew to help
get Henry back together with Jean. So, it is arranged that during
Max's visit, the younger daughter would be disguised as the maid.
So, that only leaves Jimmy, who by now is in love with the
Admiral. So, they go to nearby Port Royal to find a translator.
Soaked to the skin, Janet ends up knocking on Mitch's door.
Social worker Nina Borowski (Jennifer Aniston) is a bright young
woman living in a cozy Brooklyn apartment. Socialite Angela
Brooks (Kay Johnson) discovers that her husband Bob (Reginald
Denny) is cheating on her with Trixie (Lillian Roth), occasioned
by the staid coldness Bob finds Angela to have developed after
their marriage. Socialite Jean Howard (Ida Lupino) is stirred to
patriotism and eager to help the war effort. Softball player Lisa
Jorgenson is devastated when she is left off the Team USA roster.
Sol (Balthazar Getty) is a loser, heading towards his 20s, and he
hasn't had a romantic relationship with a woman in his entire
life. Sol could find love if he was really looking for it. Sol
seems destined to fail, until his best female friend Chloe
(Katharine Towne) decides to cheer him up. Sol's roommate Justin
(Jamie Kennedy) is about to get married. Some 25 years later, Max
is an unethical yet very successful hard-working London-based
bond trader with a sense of humour. Some days after, Milly dies
at the hospice with Jess by her side. Some days later, Snug
offers to buy two mules, named Crowder and Moonbeam, from his
boss, to add to his income. Some days later, when they are
intimate, she experiences her very first orgasm. Some months
earlier, at her younger sister's wedding, Martha is pestered by
her family about when she'll get married. Some months later a
massive fireball crashes into the water near Liberty Island. Some
months later, Elizabeth and her Aunt and Uncle Gardiner visit
Darcy's estate in Derbyshire, Pemberley. Some months pass. Some
of the conflicts in this plot are that Breezy maintains
friendships with her own peers who are starkly opposite of Frank;
they are hippies and carefree, “unwashed” as referenced by Frank.
Some of the things she finds out don't sit well with her, such as
her mother being suspended from school for smoking. Some of the
women disbelieve her, attributing her accusations to her
unmarried status. Some of their differences are highlighted when
they talk about their honeymoon in Morocco: Nat didn't enjoy the
leather museum; Josh remembers it as interesting. Some of these
topics include an evaluation of the feudal system that existed in
Russia at the time—politics, not only in the Russian government
but also at the level of the individual characters and families,
religion, morality, gender and social class. Some time after
Emma's father's funeral she receives a love letter, via Jim, from
Will. Some time later Anna and Mark are together in a park and
Anna asks him, if they marry, would his now being rich and famous
make their children more physically attractive. Some time later
Susan finds David, who has just been jilted by Alice because of
her, on a high platform at his brontosaurus reconstruction at the
museum. Some time later, Andy, who volunteered to search for the
long-overdue Marian, brings her home, towing Jeff's car, in which
a drunken Jeff had a minor crash. Some time later, Anna and Mark
are shown happily married with a son, who appears by his actions
to have inherited his father's ability to lie. Some time later,
Costikyan is arrested in his underwear inside a hotel. Some time
later, Holden does not show up to work but sends a letter to
Justine, writing that if she does not meet him at 5pm that day
behind the nearest Chuck Cheese, she will never see him again.
Some time later, Jim has been incarcerated. Some time later, Lena
approaches Barry in his office while he plays the harmonium. Some
time later, Lucy wakes up and plays a video tape marked "Good
Morning Lucy". Some time later, Marisa has obtained another job
as a maid at another hotel. Some time later, Newton meets a
waitress named Gwen (Goldie Hawn) at a Hungarian restaurant. Some
time later, Stacy visits Melissa and Jamie, who now live together
in their own home. Some time later, Will passes a used book store
and finds the copy of Jane Eyre that April has been seeking with
the note from her father. Some time later, at the baby's
christening, Stanley beams with pride as his grandson is finally
named "Stanley Banks Dunstan". Some time later, he meets the
drunken millionaire who has just returned from Europe. Some time
later, notably healthier and fully recovered from his injuries,
Dennis calls at Libby's house to pick up Jake. Some time later,
she reluctantly agrees to marry Prince Humperdinck, heir to the
throne of Florin, due to a law allowing the prince to choose any
unmarried woman as his bride, though she makes it clear that she
does not love him. Some time later, they meet again by chance on
the street as Gary is bringing home groceries and Brooke is on
her way to a meeting. Some weeks later, Isabella finds Mark in
the cabin. Some weeks later, Michael is moving forward with
producing Jeff's play. Some weeks later, Miss MacCracken from
Rock-a-Bye telephones to schedule a visit. Some years later,
Miranda, now Duchess of Warren, sits with her and Ralph's son
Baby Ralph II who will be the second heir to the throne after
Cedric, watching her husband perform with his musical group,
Ralph and the Dukettes. Somehow they managed to steal the map
back, rescue Sal, scare away the mob and get rid of McGurk and
Sperry. Someone claiming to be North calls shortly afterward and
instructs Brad to meet him somewhere else, but without the money.
Sometime later at a meeting with Opel, Viktor accidentally
happens to blurt out the idea, which Opel loves, and they are
told to begin work on the idea. Sometime later, Courtney is
dating a doctor and is clearly very attracted to him, and Peter
is interviewed like the men at the beginning of the film,
retelling his version of the events calling her a bitch and a
player, but ultimately revealing that he and Christina are
together, having gotten married and are living very happily with
Jane and Courtney and Roger as well. Sometime later, Danny and
Katherine get married. Sometime later, Jimmy is dancing at a
nightclub with Leslie, who has made a full recovery, and they are
joined by another happy couple, Veronica and Paul. Sometime
later, Matt is suing Jake for emotional distress and refuses
every settlement he offers. Sometime later, Pete and Debbie are
watching a small concert with Ryan Adams performing. Sometime
later, Phillip is taken to meet with his lawyer and finds Steven
waiting for him. Sometime later, Rover, missing Daisy, becomes
depressed. Sometime later, Syd is in New York City, working as a
set designer. Sometimes Sally reasons out that she is busy with a
"secret project". Sommers comes into the small fortune of $15.
Sommers is still bitter that she walked out on him to become the
toast of Hollywood years earlier. Songwriter Terry Trindale is
attracted to Consuelo Croyden, a woman he sees nightly at a Palm
Beach casino. Soon Ally is furious when she finds out that Colin
had found Jake Adams' contact details after all but withheld them
in belief that they were going to become an item, and the two
have a falling out. Soon Andy has to evade romantic propositions
from Betsy, while he is trying to meet with the popular and
seemingly unattainable Daphne. Soon Annie admits she loves him,
while he buys her books on death and says that his feelings for
her are more than just love. Soon David, who is shortsighted,
begins a secret relationship with a shortsighted woman. Soon
Ellie, flush with excitement, throws Kay a baby shower, something
Stanley thinks is highway robbery not punishable by law. Soon
Genevieve takes Starla's place in the News Anchor Competition,
and, framed by Genevieve, Starla is arrested for possessing a
knife and getting high on mushrooms. Soon Jim invites war buddies
Whitey (Alan Hale, Jr), Hank (Edward Ryan) and their families to
share the vast mansion while they seek permanent homes of their
own. Soon Mima is running the two men's lives, much to their
chagrin. Soon Phelps arrives expecting to find his Czarina
necklace, but it's only an imitation. Soon Warne recognizes her
and gives her a choice: If she will give him an exclusive on her
story, he will help her reunite with Westley. Soon after Harvey
returns to the table to find her gone. Soon after Pamela arrives
in Honolulu, she learns she is replacing her mother in the role
of st Anne. Soon after a family adopts both of them, they leave
the house due to abuse. Soon after arriving she meets Kimmy, who
asks her to be the maid of honor. Soon after going to TRACON to
confront Russell, a bomb threat is called in to the facility.
Soon after her encounter with the leader of the loners, the
loners visit the city to get some supplies, where David has a
close encounter with a police officer. Soon after his release, it
becomes clear to Denise that all is not well. Soon after meeting
Kate, Dexter is fired by Ron. Soon after she is reunited with her
mother, Nancy overhears her rehearsing her lines and immediately
realizes that they are studying for the same part. Soon after the
end of World War II a young English woman, Amy Atkins (Ann
Richards), goes back to the London flat where she and her best
friend, Tillie Grey, once used to live. Soon after the professor
leaves, Epifania appears and informs Kabir that she has met his
mother's challenge. Soon after the woman gets a job as a baker's
assistant and meets a handsome army drummer who dreams of
becoming a famous composer and conductor, but is held back by the
military which discourages original music. Soon after they are
convinced to marry by Sid Silvers (the dance hall manager), who
needs a new couple to marry in a live ceremony in the dance-hall
after another couple cancelled. Soon after they arrive, Justine
spots the motel desk clerk she encountered with Holden, she grabs
Phil and demand they leave immediately. Soon after they return to
Georgia, Edith discovers that she is still in love with Jim. Soon
after they start working there and doing their jobs better,
someone steals all the money out of the businesses' bank account.
Soon after, Cindy Jo and her husband Jackie Earle (Jay Sanders),
the company president arrive. Soon after, Dolly meets a young man
named Steve Crandall in Atlantic City for a cement convention.
Soon after, Jenny reveals to him that she is in fact the
voluptuous blonde superheroine, G-Girl, who accidentally received
powers such as flight, superhuman strength, speed, and senses,
invulnerability, super breath, and heat vision after she was
exposed to radiation from a crashed meteorite as a teenager. Soon
after, Jim Dear and Darling leave for a trip, with their Aunt
Sarah looking after the baby and the house. Soon after, Jo reads
the newspaper announcement of Duke's engagement to Michele. Soon
after, Julius and his wife organize a party and hire Amelia's
roommate, Joy O'Keefe (Jane Wyman), and her boyfriend, Dusty
Rhodes, to provide an evening of innovative classical and swing
music. Soon after, Lucia reunites with Vladimir telling him that
she is not ready for marriage but would love to live with an
immigrant. Soon after, Margie receives a telegram from Dudley
instructing her to meet him with the biggest bottle of champagne
she can find—for their wedding. Soon after, Marissa (Melonie
Diaz), her son, and her boyfriend Fernando (Ramses Jimenez)
arrive. Soon after, Marylin shows up at Miles' office with her
new fiancé, oil millionaire Howard Doyle (Billy Bob Thornton).
Soon after, Milly realizes that she is pregnant by Adam. Soon
after, Newton travels to his hometown and is shocked to see that
his house is lived in. Soon after, Nicole has a dinner date with
wealthy American tycoon, Davis Leland (Eli Wallach). Soon after,
Salim reveals to Omar that he is on to them, and demands his
money back. Soon after, Sam finds Hal's will hidden in her
childhood fairy-tale book, stating that all of his money &
possessions actually belong to her. Soon after, Stretch places a
wire snare in Crowder and Moonbeam's stall in an attempt to
cripple them. Soon after, a package falls through the mail slot
of Griff's door with Melody's name written on it. Soon after, art
dealer mr Flandrin (Donald Meek) shows up to examine the works.
Soon after, the General is assassinated along with a young Nazi
the Baron has chosen to sacrifice. Soon after, the doorbell
rings. Soon after, they return to the Yemen, where Harriet and
Alfred continue to grow closer. Soon after, while Axler and
Pegeen are dining out, he notices Tracy, a young woman getting
drunk at the restaurant bar, and they take her home for a
threesome. Soon afterwards a black militant named Tariq Khalil
asks Doc to find Glen Charlock, one of Mickey's bodyguards—Tariq
claims that Glen owes him money after their time spent together
in prison. Soon afterwards she comes to Griff's home and tells
him he was the only one who went into her world and that was the
reason she loved him, but now, he also is behaving like normal
people, so she can't love him anymore. Soon enough a strange poll
from Grandview says the Americans would want a female president.
Soon enough, Madea (Tyler Perry) arrives, ready to help Shirley.
Soon enough, Peggy is signed to a contract by the prestigious
"High Art" studio and, as "Patricia Pepoire", becomes a real
movie star. Soon he is accosted by Javier's brother, Carlos, who
tells him that they will eventually kick the Americans out of
Cuba. Soon realising the planned itinerary by the Queen does not
live up to their expectations of fun and meeting the ordinary
people, Margaret is the first to slip away from her escort,
followed by Elizabeth. Soon she finds a suitable man, Doctor
Michael Thomas (Hugh Williams), and they get married. Soon she is
the toast of Paris, suitors lining up to woo her, including Rene,
a man of noble lineage. Soon she runs into a local gang. Soon the
Banks and the Dunstans are trying to outdo one another buying
gifts and making plans for the baby, up to his enrollment in
college. Soon the experiment proves to be a failure, as the
fragile prosthesis in his brain moves, clouding his already weak
vision, and Danny goes back to being blind. Soon the new couple
announce that they intend to marry in three weeks and Jane
becomes the wedding planner. Soon the soap company places greater
and greater demands on the unlikely TV star. Soon the two compete
in a final race, using various vehicles. Soon the two lawyers are
pitted against one other in several high-profile divorce cases,
including a nasty public split between rock star Thorne Jamison
(Michael Sheen) and his dress-designer wife, Serena (Parker
Posey). Soon there will be signs all over saying I'm the average
American girl. Soon thereafter arrives hostile employee Deb
(Robin Tunney), who is in a particularly bad state of mind; she
has survived an apparent suicide attempt and immediately shaves
her head in the bathroom upon arriving at work. Soon they are on
a bus, on their way to Las Vegas, and when a fellow passenger
asks if they are gambling, Eve says you could call it that -
they've just been married. Soon they solve the problem, and there
is a very successful launch of the new line of propelled ships.
Soon to be employed, now they want dates, and little green alien
The Great Gazoo, exiled to Earth by his species, offers to help,
although only they can see him. Soon, Andy develops a crush on
his drama teacher. Soon, Genevieve is the popular head
cheerleader, and Starla is the unpopular student. Soon,
Hackensacker falls for Gerry, while his often-married, man-hungry
sister, Princess Centimillia (Mary Astor), chases Tom, although
her last lover, Toto (Sig Arno), is still following her around.
Soon, Hightower's estranged ex-wife, Ganja (Zaraah Abrahams),
arrives at Green's house searching for her ex-husband, who owes
her money. Soon, Kate packs her bags and travels to Los Angeles,
where she takes an immediate interest in Robert. Soon, Lisa moves
in with Matty, who has a penthouse in the same upscale building
where George's father lives. Soon, Maggie, Dick, and Jo are off
to Paris to prepare for a major fashion event, shooting photos at
famous landmarks from the area. Soon, Mimi becomes engaged to
Arctic explorer Frederick Sims (Alan Mowbray). Soon, Woo is
approached by the idly rich art collector Patrick Aucoin (Joel
Keller), who proposes to her; Woo becomes tempted. Soon, an
accidental fire starts in their mansion. Soon, another show choir
named Ta-da performs "Things We Do for Love". Soon, everybody is
gathered in Gidget's room; they express deep worry and concern,
completely unaware that Gidget is just down the hall in her
parents' suite with Jeff. Soon, she has furnished him with a
lavish apartment, complete with a butler named Beardsley
(Melville Cooper). Soon, she is being asked to appear on
television shows. Soon, they build a thriving gigolo trade with
Murray as the pimp. Soon, they find that he wrecked after hitting
his head on a car door. Sophie (Amanda Seyfried) is a young
American woman who works for The New Yorker as a fact checker.
Sophie accidentally discovers an unanswered "letter to Juliet" by
a Claire Smith from 1957, one of thousands of missives left at
the fictional lover's Verona courtyard that are typically
answered by the "Secretaries of Juliet". Sophie gets drunk with
her new friend while Freddie is frantically trying to find her.
Sophie is later horrified when she finds Cora plans to record a
sexy interpretation of "Way Back into Love," complete with an
Indian vibe which she feels clashes with the romantic spirit of
the song. Sophie is taken aback and finds his haughty, awkward
proposal unsuitable. Sophie was indeed a charlatan tricking the
rich American family and was quickly discovered by Howard.
Sophie's bully father is taken away in a straight jacket for
trying to kill Freddie with an axe. Sophie's dad a selfish bully,
loses his cool and attempts to assault Freddie believing him to
be at fault for his daughter's sudden disappearance. Sophie, a
former creative writing student reeling from a disastrous romance
with her former English professor Sloan Cates (Campbell Scott)
who "forgot" to mention he had a fiancée, initially refuses.
Sophie, intending to start a new life in Florida, reluctantly
attends the opening of Cora's new tour at Madison Square Garden,
at which Alex and Cora will debut "Way Back Into Love". Sophie,
thinking Claire's story might help her with her writing career,
helps Claire. Sorting out their true identities, resolving the
crossed love plots, concludes the picture. South of theS. Sparks
fly between Pat and Tiffany and she tries to connect by offering
casual sex, but Pat keeps focusing on getting Nikki back. Spats
and his gang from Chicago recognize Joe and Jerry as the
witnesses to the Valentine's Day murders. Speaking in a perfect
American English accent, she tells her customers her name is
Jennifer David and a native of San Francisco. Special visual
effects are accompanied by music to highlight such an action.
Speck has a working satellite phone in his bunker, and lets Penny
contact her family. Spectacular. Speed Dennis (Frank McHugh),
Ipswich's press agent, considers this a great idea. Speed goes to
Kentucky and persuades the reluctant rural hick to accept a ten-
day stay in New York. Speed has hired him for Ippsie Wippsie as a
poet. Spencer is plagued by many obstacles in his new life:
winning the girl of his dreams, finding success in his new job,
and dealing with his two ambiguously-oriented roommates
(Krumholtz and Goldberg), who are obsessed with making a
pornographic film and submitting it to what they believe is a
contest. Spengo quickly finds that his advances towards Marge are
failing, so he tries to read Dick's mind in order to discover the
secret to her heart. Spiggins tries to sabotage the wedding by
getting drunk and hiding out on Tony's sailboat, the Vagabond
Lady, figuring if he is not there to give his daughter away, they
cannot proceed. Spike obliges and fetches but realises he's been
tricked. Spike sees the brick and investigates, but gets knocked
on the head with it. Spike swaps his small teeth for "heavy-duty"
ones, blows off some pent-up steam, and goes after Tom. Spoiled
heiress Ellen "Ellie" Andrews has eloped with pilot and fortune-
hunter "King" Westley against the wishes of her extremely wealthy
father, Alexander. Spoiled rich playboy Eric Dean (Robert Conrad)
and Hollywood stuntman from Texas Doug Fortune (Ty Hardin)
compete for the attentions of a pretty girl (Connie Stevens) from
Beverly Hills. Spoiled socialite Doris Worthington (Lombard) is
sailing the Pacific with her friend Edith (Merman) and her Uncle
Hubert (Errol), while being courted by Prince Michael (Milland)
and Prince Alexander (Henry). Spotting Jerry, Tom chases him
through the house. Spring is described as "militaristic", "no-
nonsense", "aggressive", "abrasive", "caustic" and "tomboyish",
and a "domineering hellion. Spurred on by the threats of Carter's
manager, she decides to publish the story. Stacey is relieved
that Melissa is in good spirits now and is thrilled that she and
Jamie have found each other. Stacie and Jud disagree on how to
explain their relationship until Stacie ultimately bets
everything on the outcome of the Giants' next game. Stacie falls
in love, but Jud is furious when a story in the New Haven paper
claims they are engaged. Stacie then runs into him in New York
when she goes to a convention. Stacy (Lea Thompson) has a
promiscuous past and, after learning of the AIDS epidemic, she
wants to find a guy whom she knows is clean. Stacy Holt (Brittany
Murphy), an associate producer on a daytime talk show (syndicated
out of Trenton, New Jersey), is convinced that her boyfriend
Derek (Ron Livingston) is the right man for her, though he has an
apparent phobia of commitment, and he's vague about his past
relationships. Stacy and Vinny are now married with two small
boys and a fully-grown Golden Retriever. Stacy apparently is
moved by this and, seeing how he drove all the way from New
Jersey to California just to see her, she calls out to him and
says that, if he likes, he can come home with her and she can
make him breakfast. Stacy finds the fortitude within herself to
take the drive back to LA to tell Nick that their relationship
will not work and that he must leave her apartment and her life.
Stacy had taken Nick with her back to LA and, once there, falls
back into old behavior patterns of being a crutch for men. Stacy
is eventually betrayed by Barb when Stacy, Derek and the ex-
girlfriends are brought together on stage for a live broadcast
during sweeps season. Stacy is taken with this and yet, when he
asks her if she'd like to talk or go someplace together, she
initially is hesitant and says to him that it was very late.
Stacy says to Melissa, "There's your boyfriend". Stacy then
departs from the studio as the camera stays on a humiliated Barb.
Stage and screen star Tony Hunter, a veteran of musical comedy,
is concerned that his career might be in decline. Stainer and
Patty realize their mistake in telling Kirk and Molly it wouldn't
work out; Stainer tells Kirk that he is a "10" too. Stan
convinces Zoe to go on a no-obligations date. Stan takes the next
step to becoming a father and orders a stroller for the twins.
Standing up for her honor causes Monica to re-evaluate her
feelings for Austin, and she agrees, this time for real, to marry
him. Stanley agrees to marry her, even after finding out before
the wedding that Frannie never was pregnant. Stanley begins
spending time with Sophie. Stanley comforts her by telling her
how much he loved her as a baby. Stanley is initially angry at
Howard and Sophie but decides to forgive them. Stanley rushes to
the hospital, and in an emotional scene in a waiting room
considers turning to prayer for solace. Stanley witnesses a
seance in which Sophie communicates with the deceased patriarch
of the American family. Stanley, who has admired her talents as a
mystic and is grateful to her for opening his eyes to a new
worldview, is taken aback and admits that he has not thought of
her that way. Staring at the half a mustache, Jo mistakes him for
one of her mentally disturbed patients. Starkman is about to kill
Ricki and Gigli as well, but Ricki talks him out of it by
pointing out that only they know where Brian is and only they can
silence Brian and prevent him from revealing the involvement of
Starkman's organization in the kidnapping or even accusing
Starkman of having been personally involved. Starkman reveals
that he did not approve of the plan to kidnap a federal
prosecutor's brother or the order to cut off Brian's thumb.
Starkman then kills Louis, presumably in retaliation for the
kidnapping and associated scrutiny by law enforcement.
Starstruck, Charity asks for a signed photograph to prove to the
girls she was really in his apartment. Starting as a cigar
salesgirl she got stuck on the roof of the radio building with
Roger, who was cheating on Irene. Starting from an initial $5
prize, Beauregard easily answers the maximum five questions, then
asks for a sixth question. State investigator Gary Hallett
arrives from Tucson, Arizona in search of Jimmy, who is also a
serial killer. Steff tells Andie to stop talking to her. Stein
reads aloud the novel's first line:  Gil spends each of the next
few nights in the past. Stella Payne is a very successful
40-year-old stockbroker raising her son, Quincy, and living in
Marin County, California, who is persuaded by her best friend
from college Delilah Abraham to take a well-deserved, first-class
vacation to Montego Bay, Jamaica. Stephanie and the hotel staff
assist her in preparing for the evening by styling her hair and
loaning her an expensive dress and spectacular necklace.
Stephanie discovers that the song was Elle's and Sensation team
up with Kandi to show Elle her place. Stephanie is fascinated
with the stranger. Stephanie retaliates by kissing the next man
who walks in the door, who happens to be Michael. Stephen arrives
and stabs Diamond Dog in the hand with a broken bottle, telling
him to stay away. Stephen asks her to marry him and return with
him to the island, but she still loves Nick. Stephen attempts to
divide up the work but the haughty passengers snub his leadership
so he fends for himself. Stephen creates his first con as a way
of encouraging his brother to talk to girls. Stephen gets up and
assures Bloom that he is fine. Stephen has anticipated his
brother's change of heart and written it into his plan. Stephen
is kidnapped and held for $175 million. Stephen rescues the
unconscious Doris as the others flee the capsized ship, and
everyone makes it to the tropical island although the princes
claim credit for Doris’s rescue. Stephen takes a different boat
than Doris. Stephen tells Bloom to leave st Petersburg with
Penelope, and that they will meet again. Stephen wants to marry
his current girlfriend, blonde Phyllis Walden (Virginia Bruce),
but his second in command, Kendal Browning (Rosalind Russell),
has other ideas. Stephen, a "noble soul," is in love with
Cassandra, which she finds touching but a bit awkward. Stephen,
the handsome, loyal, live-in son of the Mortmain's late maid, and
Thomas, the youngest Mortmain child, round out the cast of
household characters. Steve Mason (Robert Mitchum), a veteran and
drifter, is employed as a clerk during the Christmas season at
Crowley's, a New York department store. Steve admits he loves
her, but when he kisses her, she tastes food on his lips and
realizes he has found a way out. Steve and John leap out of their
cars and rush to the wreck as a dazed Bob and Laurie stagger out
of the car before it explodes. Steve and Laurie have a series of
arguments and make-ups through the evening. Steve and Massimo
ride off on Massimo's scooter to the park where another outdoor
movie is starting. Steve and crew end up covering a breaking news
story: an old mine collapsed with numerous deaf children stuck
inside. Steve arrives to find Mary's father and Massimo outside.
Steve becomes acquainted with Connie, her son, and her longtime
boyfriend, lawyer Carl Davis (Wendell Corey). Steve begins to
realize that Mary, in her own unique way, is a beautiful person.
Steve begs Dolly to come back to him, but she says that he would
be better off without her. Steve believes she's wealthy as well
as beautiful and manages to get her telephone number. Steve
discovers Connie's good fortune and tries to blackmail her. Steve
does not object when Alan and Joan get married, hiding the fact
that Bonanza is in California and therefore the wedding is
invalid. Steve does not reciprocate her feelings. Steve explains
that the only way to fix the video is by literally going inside
YouTube through a portal, and changing the video from the inside.
Steve feels bad, not knowing that Uncle Homer was misinformed
about his betting on his own horse. Steve finally manages to get
them in Mary's apartment when another tenant opens the door for
them. Steve finds Mary, asks her to dance and they kiss. Steve
finds a way out, but hides it from Joan on the advice of Pop.
Steve gives Toad his 1958 Chevrolet Impala to watch while he's
away at college until he returns at Christmas. Steve has sent her
a farewell telegram letting her know he is leaving that night for
California, so she takes Timmy, boards the train Steve is taking,
and embraces him. Steve initially refuses publication due to
hurting Owen's fragile ego but soon changes her mind because of
the philandering. Steve instantly gallops after Mary and rescues
her from the out of control horse. Steve is devastated. Steve is
on his way to an appointment in Pasadena to meet a childhood
friend and asks Frank to go in his place. Steve is then visited
by George, who threatens to vilify him in the press unless he
finishes his songs. Steve leads the team to victory, unselfishly
letting Bronc score the winning touchdown. Steve perks up in
Pasadena while meeting the Rose Bowl's committee and particularly
the tournament's queen, Denny Burke, a beauty in a fur coat.
Steve perseveres until the novel, based on the events of Steve's
life and that mentions a character based on his publisher shown
in an unflattering light, is refused publication. Steve provides
Smosh with two electronic phones equipped with an artificial
intelligence named Diri (a parody of Siri, voiced by Kimmy
Gatewood), and then shows them the portal that is behind his
closet door, after a wiener joke that the duo see coming. Steve
quickly rises through the boxing ranks. Steve returns, having
saved the scientists by betting on the horse he thought would
win. Steve reveals his feelings to Mary’s father, who tells him
to go and get her. Steve soon finds out that the egomaniacal Owen
has gone through a series of secretaries who have left when they
are fed up with his behaviour. Steve suggests to Laurie, who is
already glum about him going to college, that they see other
people while he is away in order to "strengthen" their
relationship. Steve then contacts her father Lucius (Eugene
Pallette), offering to prevent the marriage and deliver her to
him in return for enough money to get out of debt. Steve tricks
Alan into getting off the aircraft, then takes off with Joan.
Steve's friend does not appear at the dance class, and Frank is
uncomfortable being in an environment with so many people as a
result of his depression. Steve's girlfriend, Laurie, who is also
Curt's sister, arrives in her car. Steve's old girlfriend and
horse owning colleague Hilda is also staying at the hotel. Steve,
however, is unable to assist him. Steve, however, manages to get
the warden to parole her into his custody. Steve, still unaware
that Ann thinks he bet on his own horse, catches Ann off guard by
offering her the money before she can ask. Steven Jay Russell is
on his deathbed, recalling the events of his life that led him to
this point. Steven cannot bear to be separated from Phillip.
Steven describes how he faked dying of AIDS, to be allowed to see
Phillip again, and promises never to lie to him again. Steven
eventually is caught embezzling. Steven is pursued by the police,
and, after jumping off a parking garage, is sent to prison, where
he falls in love with inmate Phillip Morris. Steven locates his
biological mother, but she rejects him. Stevie accidentally tips
off Jonah that she would be interested in a deal and sends Jonah
out of her room to think. Stevie and Jonah go to a pharmacy and
buy a syringe because Stevie does not want to have sex with
Jonah. Stevie is absent at the party that night, but Gus has made
a call to Ava. Stevie says she knows of a lesbian couple at her
work who were looking into sperm donation and sets up a meeting
for Jonah. Stevie says that it should be okay, they just missed
the first day of a four-day window. Stevie starts to like the
idea of an arrangement, especially after Jonah claims that he
would give his house to the woman who carried his child. Stevie
suggests adoption and Jonah looks into it, but soon figures out
that in order to be a candidate for adoption you must have a
clean health record, and Jonah has "cancer" written all over his.
Stevie suggests another woman at work who wants a child, but is
not married and sets up a meeting with her too. Stevie tells
Jonah (in front of Gus, who never suspected anything going on
between them) that she thought Jonah would make a great father
and he should look into sperm donation or adoption with her.
Stifler again brushes off Katie when she tries to talk to him.
Stifler arranges the bachelor party, including strippers, for
everyone at Jim's house except Jim, who unknowingly has arranged
dinner with Michelle's parents there. Stifler challenges Bear to
a dance-off, wins, and Bear offers to provide strippers for the
bachelor party. Stifler loses and is forced to apologise and go
outside naked, where he is humped by a moose. Stifler states that
if Rob doesn't make a move on Heidi, he will. Stifler takes
charge of much of the organizing, often ending up leading the
group in their misadventures. Stiles merchandises "Teen Wolf"
paraphernalia and Pamela finally begins paying attention to
Scott. Still confused, they go out for dinner at a Chinese
restaurant. Still convinced that Cam will hang out with him,
Chuck tries desperately to get Cam's attention and asks her to
marry him. Still desperate to make Jeff jealous, Gidget flirts
with Judge who agrees to go with her to Eddie's performance that
night. Still determined to neutralize Laura, the Board decides to
send her to Washington to persuade McKeever to give them some
government contracts. Still determined to win him back, Michele
refuses to sign a contract until Duke reciprocates her affection.
Still hurt and angry that Akeem lied to her, she refuses to marry
him, even after he offers to renounce his throne, and he returns
home with a broken heart, resigned to marry the woman chosen for
him by his parents. Still in shock, she allows herself to be
taken home while she sees her surroundings are the way they were
25 years before. Still intent on becoming human again, Chucky
plans to retrieve the magical amulet that was buried with Ray's
body, and use the bodies of Tiffany's neighbor Jesse and his
girlfriend Jade as hosts for their souls. Still partially
paralyzed, he bluffs his way out of a sword fight with
Humperdinck, who shows himself to be a coward. Still reeling from
the death of her father, a young girl spends one last summer at
the Jersey Shore before heading off to college. Still reeling
from this blow, George goes to his girlfriend for sympathy and is
stunned when she immediately breaks up with him. Still sure there
was some sort of error in her route assignment, Donna turns to
Weston for help. Still unaware of what's been going on, he takes
her tearful ramblings to be a confession of feelings for him,
then kisses her and admits his love. Still upset over his fight
with Zooey, Peter confronts Sydney and decides to end their
friendship. Still, John Tucker becomes unfazed, and the party
devolves into a cake fight. Still, he tries to befriend the boy
and introduces him to sports. Still, she is uncharacteristically
solicitous toward the girl, making suggestions that place her in
the spotlight and insisting her own wardrobe be drab to allow
Avice to shine. Still, when the police arrive at Bertani's
restaurant, Foussard's teenage daughter Danielle (Brigitte
Auber), who has a crush on Robie, spirits him to safety. Stiva
and Dolly argue against Karenin's drive for a divorce. Stiva gets
the post he desired so much, and Karenin takes custody of Vronsky
and Anna's baby, Anna. Stiva informs the household that his
married sister, Princess Anna Arkadyevna Karenina, is coming to
visit from Saint Petersburg. Stiva visits Karenin to seek his
commendation for a new post. Stone and Kimberly are chained to
desks and left to die as Minelli has hidden bombs in the
building. Stone is left behind, a joke Other Guy wants to play on
his boss. Stood outside the ladies' toilet waiting for her, Alan
receives a message from Pride telling him where Ina is being
held. Store manager Paula (Jane Lynch) sends him home and
promotes Andy to fill in for him. Stranded in his place of birth
Henry is confronted by the changes of time. Stranded, they are
propositioned by Julia Quimby (Una Merkel) to help rescue her
friend, Donna LaTour (Dorothy Lamour), from being sold at a slave
auction. Strange events follow and it's up to Al to find an
explanation. Stretchers prepare to take Dennis to the hospital.
Strictly Ballroom tells the story of an Australian ballroom
dancer, Scott Hastings (Paul Mercurio), and his struggle to
establish his personal style of dance on his way to win the Pan-
Pacific Grand Prix Dancing Championship. Stroker Ace is a popular
race car driver from Waycross, Georgia, and (according to
dialogue), a three-time champion, on the NASCAR circuit, and
driver of a #7 Ford Thunderbird. Stroker is winning races under
the Chicken Pit sponsorship and is in the running for the season-
ending championship. Strolling through Central Park, she meets a
young handsome man named Pete Sheppard (Jack Lemmon). Struggling
to become a full-fledged editor, a task made harder after her
mentor and boss is fired and replaced by Faye Falkner (Vanessa
Branch), Brett meets the notorious and much older publishing
playboy Archie Knox (Alec Baldwin). Struggling with Michael's
death, Scarlett, at age sixteen, soon learns that she is pregnant
with his child. Struggling young actress Jenny (Marjorie Browne)
joins her dad (Mark Daly) when he moves into Aunt Hetty's (Elsie
Wagstaff) boarding house. Stu convinces Chuck to chase after Cam,
who is now headed to Antarctica with Howard. Stu convinces Chuck
to test the curse by having sex with an obese woman, and see if
she marries afterward. Stu eventually convinces Chuck to embrace
the influx of women who have learned of his pattern and visit his
practice, arguing that there's nothing better than having lots of
guilt-free sex. Stuart is completely oblivious to the fact that
he left paper on a hot stove, causing it to catch fire. Stuck
between Betty who won't change her mind and Gene who still loves
his ex-wife, Art doesn't like the idea of getting married with
such short notice but decides to play along for now. Stuck
between a rock and a hard place, she is forced to become a
receptionist at a car dealership. Stuck spending the night
together, Charlie and Juliet finally open up to each other. Stuck
with his initial comic concept, Marty presented a new story to
Toto which is about an astronomer who dedicates his life to a
girl trapped by aliens in a prison which revolved around his own
experiences with Sally, her parents, and Nick. Student Jim Munroe
(Troy Donahue) falls for Bunny Dixon (Stefanie Powers), the
daughter of an overprotective police chief (Andrew Duggan).
Students from the suburbs of Philadelphia are attending a high-
school graduation party at a large house owned by a rich class
member's family. Stung by his rejection, she eventually tells him
to "Go jump in the lake". Stunned and not knowing what to say, he
leaves. Stunned by her return, his affection for her reignites
while he learns that she is buying mr Wong's orphanage, but he is
disappointed to find out that she is now engaged to Deion Hughes
(Cuba Gooding, Jr). Stunned, Vizzini orders Fezzik to kill the
man in black. Stunned, he goes to her room, and invites her back
to his to finish the song. Subsequent circumstances lead to Katie
and James falling in love. Subsequently he tries to shoot him
with three silver bullets, but Dracula remains unscathed,
patiently explaining that this works only on werewolves.
Subsequently, Catcher's date rejects him, which infuriates him.
Subsequently, he discovers that his latest City financial stunt
has caused real trouble for the owners of the trading company he
works for, and the CEO orders him to return to London as soon as
possible. Subsequently, the engagement to his bosses daughter is
broken off and he immediately loses his job at the architectural
firm. Subsisting on unemployment benefits and unable to afford to
drive his SUV, Larry buys a scooter from Lamar. Successful
novelist and playboy Owen Waterbury (Kirk Douglas) hires aspiring
writer Stephanie 'Steve' Gaylord (Laraine Day) as his secretary;
a dream come true for Steve who admires Owen and his work.
Successfully routing all but one plane that has lost radio
contact, Nick leaves the building as the deadline approaches,
while Russell instead remains inside to make contact with the
plane by calling one of its passengers via Airfone. Such tales
continue the fairy tale into what is in effect a second episode.
Suddenly Gwen, who's stuck at a friend's house and bored, calls.
Suddenly Patrick flaunts his NYS Fire Department badge and asks
the other occupants to leave the elevator. Suddenly he hears Dino
singing one of his songs on coast-to-coast television. Suddenly
in charge of taking care of the New York family's affairs and her
younger brother Ben (whom Annabel has not-so-affectionately
nicknamed "Ape Face" and said "He's so neat, it's revolting.
Suddenly inspired, Mark runs out of the store, jumps in front of
a news crew covering the holdup, and announces a late night
benefit party to "Save the Empire". Suddenly out of nowhere, an
alive Freddie walks towards them, calling out Jjaks' name.
Suddenly realizing he is involved with the wrong sister, Ray is
in a fix. Suddenly the pink lights of "The Universal Joint," a
bar, come on. Suddenly they find themselves in the spotlight;
Zidler improvises and convinces the audience that Christian is
the sitar player in disguise. Suddenly, Nick picks up a phone
from a phone booth and, like an earlier joke, uses it as a "time
machine" and pretends to call himself saying that he will meet a
woman that he should stay with for the night. Suddenly, Viola's
own dreadful mother-in-law, Kevin's grandmother, Gertrude Fields
(Elaine Stritch), appears and they have an indignant argument,
while Gertrude takes a liking to Charlie, saying she is stunning,
her grandson is a lucky man, that she is an "exotic Latina", and
if only her son, Kevin's father, was as lucky to find a woman
like Charlie. Suddenly, she falls through the door (as she was
seen trying earlier) and lands in Griff's room. Suddenly, some
Boneys arrive. Suddenly, the crowd's attention is distracted by
the sound of an airplane. Suddenly, the death of a father, a
wife’s infidelity and a daughter’s wedding affects them and
brings them closer together. Suddenly, the moment is interrupted
by Grigio, who is quickly descending into madness. Suddenly, they
start making out in the parking garage standing by her car. Sue
and Grey return to their apartment, and discover a tin ring (the
one which was stolen earlier), which Sue takes as a sign that
Bill chose to leave her behind with Grey. Sue happily turns to
find Bill, realizing that the ring is not a sign that he will
leave her but a sign that he is going to abandon his old
lifestyle in order to give Sue the home she needs and in order to
pursue a romance with Grey. Sue initially turns him down, only to
be found later in the driver seat of his limo to show her
acceptance of his proposal. Sue is quite immune to social norms;
she speaks bluntly to all, particularly to Rocky, Rahul's driver,
who she knows as a famous drag queen. Sue is so hurt that he
would question her honesty and integrity that she leaves him.
Sue-Lin feigns illness so that nurse Diane will come to their
apartment and examine her and see Mike again. Suffering from
writer's block, he has barely begun the play, but starts
auditioning players. Sugar confides that she has sworn off male
saxophone players, who have stolen her heart in the past and left
her with "the fuzzy end of the lollipop". Sugar runs from the
stage at the end of her performance and manages to jump into the
launch from Osgood's yacht New Caledonia just as it is leaving
the dock with Joe, Jerry, and Osgood. Sugar tries to arouse some
sexual response in Junior, and begins to succeed. Sugarpuss takes
refuge in the house where the professors live and work, despite
Bertram's objections and their housekeeper's threat to leave
because of her. Sukhi, unable to control his anger, shows himself
and is instantly shot. Sullivan (Reynolds) is the operations
manager of Satellite News Network, a fictitious cable TV news
channel. Sullivan decides to thank the homeless by handing out $5
bills, but one man, who had previously stolen his shoes, ambushes
Sullivan and steals the money. Sullivan dresses as a penniless
hobo and takes to the road, followed by a fully staffed double-
decker coach at Lebrand's request. Sullivan is dissatisfied
despite his success and tells his studio boss, mr Lebrand (Robert
Warwick) that he wants his next project to be a serious
exploration of the plight of the downtrodden. Sullivan is knocked
unconscious and thrown onto a train boxcar leaving the city.
Sullivan slowly regains his memory. Summer writes an offensive
article about one of Will's clients. Sumner denies it, but then
Watson puts him to the test, setting the machine to self-
destruct. Sumner resists the urge to fix it as long as possible,
but finally gives in. Sun Valley Serenade is the first of the
only two movies featuring The Glenn Miller Orchestra (the other
is 1942's Orchestra Wives). Sunny then drops her home, and
wanders off. Sur le rythme is a romantic comedy about the world
of dance. Sure enough, Key gets orders to go to Italy, so Amy
refuses his marriage proposal, though they love each other. Sure
enough, The Wolfman eventually reads the message on the radio for
"The Blonde" to meet Curt or call him at a number which happens
to be a telephone booth. Sure enough, it does when it gets wedged
in a manhole cover. Sure enough, just then, a giant named Willie
emerges from the shadows, grunting angrily but then suddenly
breaking into a happy song ("Fee Fi Fo Fum") and bouncing a ball
about while demonstrating rather amazing powers like flight,
invisibility, and shapeshifting. Sure of himself, the millionaire
promises to give the st Bernard to Tommy if it wins. Sure, he's
slept with lots of them, including the excruciatingly obnoxious
Tammie (Tori Spelling). Surprised and pleased, Elle plays along,
leaving at midnight when she receives a text from uncle Allen.
Surprised but pleased, Isolde asks for the money to be repaid for
preparations for the baby. Surprising Don with a visit, mrs Baker
sees that Don has attached himself to Jill. Susan (Joan
Crawford), a flighty society matron, returns from Europe earlier
than expected waxing enthusiastic about a new religious movement.
Susan Manning Middlecott is dean of a New England school called
Benton College and it is her whole life, apart from living with
dad Mark and raising an adopted daughter, Louisa. Susan Miller
(Gene Tierney) works as a girdle salesgirl in a big department
store. Susan also arrives, determined to win Mark to a real
marriage. Susan also insults Irene by telling her that she's
unsuited for her lover, Mike (Bruce Cabot). Susan becomes popular
with the young students, especially cadet Clifford Osborne,
unaware he is the son of the client who prompted her to quit her
job. Susan believes that Alec is a publicity seeker, rejecting
his attempts to explain. Susan confesses that it was all arranged
by her friends, including Dorothy. Susan consents and agrees to
spend the summer with the family, thus making Blossom very happy.
Susan eventually confesses to Mark that she just likes that
combination. Susan feels neglected and has been trying to make
Philip jealous by demonstrating a romantic interest in Henry, who
begins taking her seriously. Susan had been abandoned by her
mother and was arrested for vagrancy and hitting a sailor over
the head with a beer bottle. Susan is an intelligent 17-year-old
high-school student with a habit of forming short-lived interests
after hearing the regular guest lectures at the school. Susan is
livid, hits Alec with her purse and Teddy makes sure their spat
makes the newspapers. Susan is miffed and boards a train to
Boston to confront him. Susan refuses to sign the annulment
papers, while Mark still will not consummate the marriage. Susan
returns home, but continues to fantasize about Philip, much to
the dismay of her fiancé Will Duffy (Richard Fiske). Susan sees
an opportunity to experience life among the rich, and wear the
expensive clothes she could never afford. Susan tells Harvey that
as her step-father Brian has been more of a father to her in the
last few years than he has, she is going to ask him to give her
way at her wedding. Susan tells him all the reasons that they
should stay married and pulls him into the bedroom. Susan wants
him back and is willing to break up his marriage if that's what
it takes. Susan's aunt, Elizabeth Random, arrives. Susan's
brother, Mark, has sent her a tame leopard from Brazil named Baby
(Nissa) to give to their aunt. Susan's dad takes a shine to Alec
and wants to encourage her to find time for a love life. Susan's
dream of a second honeymoon turns into a nightmare when
everything that possibly could go wrong does. Susan's job is now
in jeopardy from the continuing bad publicity. Susan, thinking
that Trent too is leaving, gets on the train, but Em, seeing that
Susan loves Trent so much that she is willing to give up
everything for him, stops the train and points out Trent, riding
toward them on his horse. Susan, who during a police interview
contrived to sneak out a window, unwittingly drags the irritated
circus leopard into the jail. Susie Higgins (Pamela Tiffin)
arrives and moves in with her old friend Maggie Williams (Carol
Lynley) and roommate Fran Hobson (Ann-Margret). Susie comforts
her by informing her about her engagement to Emilio. Susie
experiences a culture shock, when she is informed by Maggie and
Fran that all rich, attractive men are taken, and all attractive
but poor ones are too proud to take on American women. Susie is
stood up by Emilio on an afternoon when she is scheduled to meet
his mother (Isobel Elsom). Susie sets out to make Emilio believe
that she is falling for him. Susie, whose emotional pain and
insecurities have healed somewhat with time and effort, builds a
happy relationship with John, and a pregnant Franny asks them to
raise her and Junior's impending baby. Suspecting that Lena will
leave him if she finds out about the phone-sex fiasco, Barry
leaves Lena at the hospital and tries to end the harassment by
calling the phone-sex line back and speaking to the "supervisor",
who turns out to be Dean Trumbell, who is also the owner of a
mattress store. Suspicious, Brad takes a taxi, but gets out a
short distance away and returns to his suite. Sutter Keely (Miles
Teller) is a high school senior, charming and self-possessed.
Sutter and Aimee begin to get serious, having sex for the first
time, and Sutter buys Aimee a flask as a gift when they attend
prom. Sutter asks her to have a drink with him, but Cassidy soon
leaves with her new boyfriend Marcus (Dayo Okeniyi), so Sutter
returns to Aimee. Sutter crashes into his mailbox after a night
of heavy drinking and tearfully breaks down in front of his mom,
saying he is exactly like his father and that he is an awful
person, but his mother assures Sutter he is not like his father
as he has the biggest heart of anyone she knows. Sutter helps her
with her paper route and ultimately invites her to lunch and asks
her to teach him geometry to get closer to her. Sutter honestly
states that he does not feel he is capable of keeping such a
promise and shakes a disappointed and concerned Dan's hand.
Sutter invites Aimee to a party, but temporarily loses interest
when he sees Cassidy. Sutter is forced to pay the tab and wait
for his dad to return, but after waiting for an hour, they return
to the bar to see that Sutter's dad has forgotten about them and
is back to drinking with his friends. Sutter suggests he pay them
a visit, but Cassidy declines, telling him she must stay out of
his influence for her own good. Sutter teaches Aimee to stand up
to her mom and the two kiss. Sutter's father (Kyle Chandler)
shares similar hedonistic views of life as Sutter, but after
revealing that he left his mother (instead of being kicked out as
Sutter had thought previously), he leaves to go off with a woman.
Sutter, lacking the commitment to take Aimee to prom, avoids her
until Aimee's friend Krystal (Kaitlyn Dever) tells him not to
treat Aimee badly as she is a genuinely good person. Sutter,
taking her advice, asks Aimee to dinner with his married sister
Holly (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), where Aimee talks frankly about
the death of her father and her dreams of a perfect marriage,
charming everyone, including Sutter. Sutton loves it, then
rejects all the applicants until he decides that Janice herself
must return to be "Mrs. Suzanne finds herself now being courted
also by the two brothers' father, who has fallen for the charming
former waitress head over heels. Suzanne starts betting on horse
races, using her "lucky pin" to pick the right ones for the
infamous and not always apt gambler Jonathan Tuttle (Frank
Darien). Suzanne takes the money to Bill, offering him to use
them to scale up his business, but once again his pride comes in
the way. Suzanne's problem is that Bill doesn't want to decide on
a wedding date. Suzy Bishop, also 12, lives on the island with
her parents, Walt and Laura, both attorneys, and her three
younger brothers in a house called Summer's End. Suzy and her
brothers are called to dinner. Suzy's parents take her home and
when Sharp contacts the foster parents he is told that they no
longer wish to house Sam. Suzy's parents, Scoutmaster Ward, the
Scouts from Camp Ivanhoe, and Island Police Captain Duffy Sharp
find Sam and Suzy in their tent at the cove. Sweetland overhears
this and orders Ash to saddle his horse because he is going to
try number four on the list, Mercy Bassett, a barmaid at a local
inn. Swift arrives at the casino pretending to be Aggie Bruno's
love interest. Swift suggests that Aggie be "caught" with another
man. Swift suggests that Wattles dress as a woman in order to
avoid being found by the gambler. Sybil (Diane Keaton), who
originally refused Everett's request for his grandmother's ring,
reconsiders her position and offers it to him; but, by now, his
feelings for Meredith have shifted to her sister. Sybil asks
Axler whether he would be willing to kill her husband and he
tells her he fears he would "botch the job". Sybil explains that
they are one family and that Polly went to school with Jean, and
has known them for years. Sybil, however, doesn't notice his odd
behaviour, as she tells Basil that she has heard a burglar
downstairs. Syd comes to Dex's house to console him, and they end
up sleeping together. Sydney White (Amanda Bynes) is the daughter
of a plumber, Paul White (John Schneider). Sydney congratulates
Kid and tells him that Veda is good for him. Sydney fails to
become a member of Kappa when Rachel humiliates her in the pledge
gala and lies that she has disobeyed the rules: lying about her
background and cheating on a Kappa quiz. Sydney finds Lenny (Jack
Carpenter), one of the seven dorks who live in a run-down house
known as the Vortex. Sydney is then picked by Rachel to ditch her
date, which ended in Lenny paying. Sydney leaves that night in
the rain, unintentionally sitting in front of the Vortex. Sydney
replaces him as a presidential candidate and starts her campaign.
Sydney wins the debate and the election, becoming the new
president, while Rachel is stripped of her Kappa sisterhood by
her sisters because of the years of cruelty she has treated.
Sydney's speech defends the underrated people, including dorks,
and concludes by stating that she herself is a dork. Sydney's
tomboyish upbringing proves to be an asset as she stands out
among the other girls and manages to overcome the difficult
initiation tasks. Sydney, together with the seven dorks, tries to
bring Rachel down from her student council position by running
Terrence for president. Sylvester also makes a success of his
uncle's business by introducing modern business methods. Sylvia
Brenner (Constance Bennett) is a plain secretary sharing an
apartment with two other girls, one of whom is her friend Annie
(ZaSu Pitts). Sylvia Dennis (Rogers) questions him. Sylvia
Scarlett (Katharine Hepburn) and her father, Henry (Edmund
Gwenn), flee France one step ahead of the police. Sylvia finds
him and pleads for him to come back to the Studio but returns
without him. Sylvia gives Karel blankets to sleep on the roof,
and she explains about the Depression. Sylvia goes to court for
Frank. Sylvia impersonates Lili's version of the song and ends
with an  imitation of Lili's tantrums. Sylvia says no but changes
her mind. Sylvia says no. Sylvia tells Karel that she and Frank
are leaving. Sylvia tells Nora that she is quitting so that she
can accompany her husband, Phil Vernon (Allyn Joslyn), whose job
requires him to move to Washington. TJ, Kat's cousin also
apparently enjoys a moment with Woody after the wedding. Ta-Da is
announced as the winner of the contest and Spectacular. Tad is
overjoyed and convinces her to come to LA with him by using
Pete's "six smile" speech. Tadd shows up to take her out, and she
confronts him about what he did to her, but he is scornful and
unrepentant. Taken aback, Rosemary replies she doesn't think she
is ready for love, but is really happy to see Gabe. Taken aback,
she sends him to get the approval of her father, a tough,
hardworking steel magnate. Taken off the train, Robert reconciles
with her. Taking a taxi home, they discuss what to do to avoid a
scandal. Taking advantage of the canine DNA that crossed with
Buddy's, Sherman uses the tennis ball to play fetch. Taking her
belongings, she picks up Ariel from school and works another
shift. Taking his gun, she runs to the cabin and confronts her
father, while Mayhew holds Robert at gunpoint. Taking pity on her
as she is about to be kicked out by security, Jake (Jason
Sudeikis) claims her as his guest. Taking pity on him, hotel
concierge Rachel (Mila Kunis) offers him an expensive suite for
free in exchange for cleaning up the room himself. Taking the
advice of colleague Barb (Holly Hunter), she looks at his Palm
Tungsten C and its record of the names and numbers of three ex-
girlfriends: a French supermodel (Josie Maran); a gynecologist
(Rashida Jones); and a cook (Julianne Nicholson). Talking about
their different points of views and stances on relationships,
Eleanor reveals that she is secretly dating a commitment-free
married man. Tallulah Winters is a dancing star who is hired to
perform on an ocean liner. Tamara Drewe, a young gossip columnist
has returned to her family home nearby. Tambrey "Tammy" Tyree
(Debbie Reynolds) is a seventeen-year-old girl living in a
houseboat in Mississippi (within sight of Louisiana) with her
Grandpa, John Dinwitty (Walter Brennan). Tami, Mary's only friend
serves as the fairy godmother. Tammi reveals to Royce that she
had only used him to win the contest and breaks up with him.
Tammy and her grandfather help Peter recover at their home,
during which time Tammy falls in love with Peter. Tammy learns
that Peter is busy with "Brentwood #6", an experimental tomato he
is growing in hopes of making Brentwood Hall self-sustaining once
again. Tammy, the only girl boxer in the gym and subsequently the
object of much ridicule, confides to him after beating him in a
match that she knows about his practicing, and promises to keep
it a secret in exchange for ceasing the jokes about her,
particularly around Chuck, whom she has a crush on (which is
reciprocated). Tangaballi catches Rahul as he tries to leave, but
the villagers help them escape again. Tangaballi challenges Rahul
to a duel that Rahul unknowingly accepts, due to his lack of
knowledge in Tamil. Tank Martin, who is now flying with the
United States Air Force Thunderbirds air demonstration team.
Tansy chances to meet American Cornelius Allingham (Rad Fulton)
at her father's office. Tanzania "Tanzie" (Hilary Duff) and Ava
(Haylie Duff), two rich, spoiled Hollywood socialite sisters who
enjoy material things such as shopping and dating, rather than
caring about the family cosmetics company Marchetta Cosmetics
which was founded by Victor Manchetta (Philip Casnoff). Tanzie,
on the other hand, takes her father's TiVo which had a recording
of her father talking about his cosmetics on the news and doesn't
grab any clothes. Tash (Claudia Karvan) is a science journalist
for a national newspaper, studious, intense and self-conscious.
Tash has to try to keep Brett's high-profile career on track.
Tash is still trying to write serious scientific articles for a
paper more interested in gossip and sex and struggling to prevent
her articles being buried on page 12. Tash tells him: 'I wish you
could be me, so you could see how I feel for once. Taylor (Alyson
Michalka) and Courtney Callum (Amanda Michalka) are two
thoroughly spoiled yet well-intentioned sisters whose widower
father, Reed Callum (Jack Coleman), owns Callum Dairy. Taylor
Worth is a devastatingly handsome and charming weatherman for a
Philadelphia television station. Taylor and Courtney are at a
meeting with the other employees when Taylor tricks Courtney into
leaving to get her cell phone, she says that she will get the
money, but still no one believes her. Taylor and Gabriella invite
Ryan to the baseball game, where he persuades the Wildcats to
take part in the talent show ("I Don't Dance"). Taylor faces
humiliation of her own when Brock informs her their relationship
is over, and that he only used her to increase his own popularity
(which proves successful with the producers of MTV offering him
his own show). Taylor first needs to break it off with Erin,
disappointing her desire to start a family, which he does by
pretending to be impotent. Taylor goes to Las Vegas and locates
Amanda and realizes that, even though she is involved in a
dangerous profession, she has accumulated wealth and retained a
relatively refined attitude about life. Taylor has changed her
nature and asks Courtney if she can use her party money to pay
for the employees' paychecks, or else they will leave Callum
Dairy. Taylor has just gotten her license, after almost failing
the test at the beginning of the movie. Taylor is dumped by his
fiancees. Taylor is then crowned Prom Queen with just over half
the votes; she begins a long berating speech which is interrupted
by the microphone being turned off by a teacher. Taylor makes up
a serious-sounding name for the condition and gives Fini a shot
to cure it (which she reveals to Fini's business manager is
harmless vitamin B12). Taylor takes the bet, putting up his
weekend cabin against a valuable painting that Ned and Clair
Broudy own. Team captain Troy rallies the team's spirit ("Now or
Never") and, with the help of new transfer Jimmie "Rocket-man"
Zara, the Wildcats win the championship game which is the last
one for the seniors on the squad at East High. Tearful and
elated, the Tramp smiles at the girl shyly as the film fades to
black. Tears streaming down his face, Gary drives home alone,
emotionally broken and defeated. Ted (Chester Morris), Jerry
(Norma Shearer), Paul (Conrad Nagel), and Dorothy (Helen Johnson)
are part of the New York in-crowd. Ted Barclay (Chad Everett),
the son of Roger Barclay, takes a special interest in Maggie. Ted
Barclay decides to fly out to Paris to win Maggie’s heart once
and for all. Ted Forrest who works for the Dynasty Card Company
is murdered by Keith Heading (Diehl) and his men on the street,
they switch the tape before police arrive. Ted Healy is a
salesman for the Schmidt Costume Shop who likes to hang out at
the fire station where Moe (billed as "Harry Howard"), Larry and
Shemp (along with Fred Sanborn) work. Ted Scott (John Payne) is a
band pianist whose publicity manager decides that, for good
press, the band should adopt a foreign refugee. Ted also swings a
deal with the Fire Department to supply costumes for the
fireman's ball. Ted and Bryce leave it up to Cliff to deal with
the jocks. Ted and Jerry have been married three years when she
discovers he had a brief affair with another woman — and when she
confronts him on their third anniversary, he tells her it did not
"mean a thing". Ted and Regi confess to each other that they
intend to marry for money. Ted and Regi play fun pranks on each
other. Ted and his gang get in but they make a big mistake by
knocking over the jocks' beer can pyramid. Ted confronts Healy
and Tucker, and Mary is accosted by Dom, who is revealed to be
her former boyfriend "Woogie," who "got weird on her" back in
college, stealing all her shoes. Ted is hypocritically outraged
and they argue, ending with Ted leaving her and the couple filing
for a divorce. Ted seems to have won Mary's love, until an
anonymous letter exposes his connection with Healy, and she
breaks contact with him. Ted's boss reports the car stolen, and
in an unfortunate event, they crash into a police car, resulting
in their arrest. Ted's friends filmed Ted and Caroline making
out. Ted, however, asks to be released from their engagement.
Teddy accidentally falls asleep at Buzzy's cabin and stays
overnight. Teddy plants a story that Alec is the real father of
Susan's little girl. Teglash revisits his prior dream, but this
time the knife falls from the clock and Angelina stabs him with
it. Tej Puri (Rajat Kapoor), Lalit's wealthy brother-in-law,
arrives. Tej's wife protests "For such a small thing. Television
stations also want to interview Jane. Tellman then follows the
sisters on a family outing to the Eifell Tower, where he corners
them and pulls a gun, demanding an opportunity to explain to an
absent Roxy why he killed her husband. Tempers rise following the
arrival of ex-wife and Cole campaign spoiler Charlotte. Templeton
later recognizes Jennifer at the research laboratory and hires
her for a new full-time assignment: to be his biographer and
write his life story. Temptation is naturally there, but Hogan
does his best to prevent David and Robin from consummating their
relationship. Ten months later, Harper and Lance are closer than
ever and Harper has written Lance's biography. Ten years ago,
they all acted together in a Cambridge University student comedy
troupe. Ten years before the novel begins he took out a forty-
year lease on a dilapidated but beautiful castle, hoping to find
either inspiration or isolation there. Ten years later, Chris has
lost weight, is handsome, and lives in Los Angeles; he is a
womanizer who has dated supermodels, starlets, and socialites,
works as a highly successful record producer and also holds a
position of senior vice president of the same record corporation
he works for. Ten years later, Hannah and Tom are best friends.
Tenley follows him out and he asks her to meet him on the field
after the game. Tenley's dad (Bruce Davison) smugly tells her
that he invited her ex boyfriend to come visit. Tennessee,
however, believes certain inanimate objects to have hearts and
minds of their own and tries to befriend the car, naming it
Herbie. Tension increasingly builds at home as the two battle
each other in court. Terence and Jeremy, who are witnesses of the
kiss, are shocked that she prefers a pennyless attorney over
them. Teri returns home, to be envied her adventure by her friend
Marianne (Helen Vinson). Terri Fletcher (Hilary Duff) is a
teenager with a passion for singing and dreams of becoming a
professional singer. Terri Griffith (Joyce Hyser) is an aspiring
teenage journalist living in Phoenix, Arizona who feels that her
teachers don't take her school newspaper articles seriously
because of her good looks. Terri and Jay then perform the song
they wrote with Terri, dedicating it to Paul. Terri arrives in
Los Angeles and weathers some difficult ordeals: her jacket is
stolen, her cab driver is crabby, and when she arrives at the
music school, the door is locked; fellow student Jay (Oliver
James) lets her in and Terri arrives safely. Terri awakens in the
hospital, where she learns that Paul was killed. Terri is very
close to her elder brother Paul (Jason Ritter) who fully supports
her dream, despite what their dad says. Terri loses interest in
her singing, and also in the music program. Terri sneaks Paul out
of the house to attend a Three Days Grace concert. Terri's
teachers hope to see her next year; Simon replies that they just
might. Terrified and once again surrounded by Azhagusundaram's
sickle-wielding henchmen, Rahul pretends to take Meena hostage
and escapes with her in her father's car, battling
Azhagasundaram's men. Terrified of having a child and being a
parent, Samuel sees Mathilde's pregnancy as a nightmare.
Terrified of scandal, he leaves her some money and his business
card, along with a note telling her to not mention their meeting
to anyone; but when Mabel discovers that Horace is Barbara's
father, she blackmails him into backing Jimmy's show. Terrified,
Mike tries to get Amanda back, but she is happier without him and
humiliates him in front of everyone at the party. Terry and Bobby
skate their routine and win. Terry becomes jealous when Amarilly
starts hanging out with Gordon, and he breaks off the engagement.
Terry decided to run away. Terry departs, and moments later
Consuelo receives a call from Tony and invites him to the house.
Terry finally confronts Dianne about her infidelity; she reveals
that she has been having an emotional affair and begs for
forgiveness. Terry gets reprimanded and punched by her father for
her running away, as well as for hanging out with her radical
friends. Terry goes home and has a row with her mother. Terry
later finds romance with the "new" Jenny. Terry wants to pay him
to teach her how to skate for the Roller Disco contest. Tess
Harding (Katharine Hepburn) and Sam Craig (Spencer Tracy) are
journalists for the fictional New York Chronicle, with two
drastically different backgrounds and worlds. Tess McGill
(Melanie Griffith) is an Irish American working-class
stockbroker's secretary from Staten Island with a bachelor's
degree in Business from evening classes. Tess also rushes off,
leaving her appointment book, which Katharine reads. Tess arrives
alone, only to be told that her aunt and her father are to be
married that night, after 15 years of "making the same mistake"
and saying nothing of their mutual attraction. Tess confronts
Katharine and starts to tell everyone her side of the story. Tess
enters Sam's Riverside home the next morning and starts to
prepare breakfast. Tess happily agrees, and they reconcile. Tess
insists they work together as colleagues, showing she will be
very different from Katharine. Tess is an educated, well-
travelled political affairs columnist who speaks several
languages fluently. Tess is excited but trepidatious about Sam's
reaction. Tess learns that she has received the award of
"America's Outstanding Woman of the Year", to be awarded at a
gala ceremony. Tess offends him by asking if anyone would believe
he could find something more important to do. Tess overhears
Katharine asking Jack to confirm his love for her, but he avoids
answering and hurries out. Tess pretends to like the same things
that George does to get him to like her. Tess protests but
leaves, apologizing. Tess reveals that the reason she stayed in
New York was because she got fired from her job and her boyfriend
dumped her; she explains that when she met George she'd tried to
be like Jane since she fell in love with him. Tess sets up a
meeting with executive Jack Trainer (Harrison Ford), using her
boss's name as an entrée. Tess starts her new job, armed with a
lunchbox prepared by Jack. Tess suggests that a client, Trask
Industries, should invest in radio to gain a foothold in media.
Tess then gets angry at Jane for giving Kevin material about her,
whom he describes as a bridezilla. Tess then invites Sam to her
apartment later that night. Tess wants to explain her true
situation but keeps quiet after learning Jack has been in a
relationship with Katharine, which he says is all but over. Thai
and Opie end up sleeping together while high on marijuana, and
then end up seeing each other regularly. Thanks to Jess and
Jules's skills, the Harriers reach the finals of the league
tournament. Thanks to Lilly's beautiful looks and voice, the
choir performs well and Washington lets them into the
competition. Thanks to his imaginary twin brother, Art manages to
pursue a romance with both sisters. Thanks to some ingenious
shortcuts, Jim is able to make up for lost time in the second leg
and is neck and neck with Thorndyke as they approach the finish
line. Thanks to the puppies, Trusty has a fresh audience for his
old stories, but he has forgotten them. That Christmas, Tramp's
been adopted into the family, and he and Lady have started their
own family, with three daughters who look similar to Lady and a
son who looks similar to Tramp. That afternoon at the Peppertree
home, Tom arrives with presidential orders to take Mary to a
White House movie screening. That afternoon, Andy takes Harry to
see Melodie, who has gotten over her crush on Andy and is more
than willing to date the smitten Harry. That afternoon, Jarrod,
with his family and friends watching, confronts Eric and finds
out that Eric is paralyzed and uses a wheelchair. That afternoon,
Valentine tries her best to disrupt the ceremony (with the help
of noisy bearded window washers), presided over by an
increasingly frustrated justice of the peace (Donald Meek). That
afternoon, the judge meets with Melodie's parents, and after
lecturing them about their behavior, asks Melodie in and
convinces Olivia and Roderick to retract the horrible things they
have said about each other and try to get along. That all changes
when the best friend Too Cool (Wesley Jonathan) invites them to
try out a round of speed dating. That evening after the three
have dinner, Orville plays his tunes for Dino on the piano and
Polly requests a particular song. That evening at the Oasis, a
scuffle starts up between Van Leemer and Ryan's local friends
Auggie Mulligan (Gabriel Mann) and Pete (Jed Rhein). That evening
he tells his father about the mess he made. That evening, Anni
attracts the attention of Rudi, who is dining with his fiancée,
Maddalena Monti (Lynne Carver), her father, Admiral Monti
(Reginald Owen), and Contessa di Meina (Billie Burke). That
evening, Jim returns home in a brand new Lamborghini 400GT,
having agreed to sell Herbie to Thorndyke to pay the remaining
installments he owes on it. That evening, Lauren is placed at the
same table as Nick at the Fireman's Ball. That evening, Miggy
buys pizza for all and just like the first film he gets a plate,
puts a pizza on it and gives it to Laida. That evening, Nicky
tries to apologize to Valerie. That evening, Rose's brother
Raymond (Louis Guss) and his wife Rita (Julie Bovasso) join Rose
and Cosmo for dinner, and they all wonder where Loretta is. That
evening, Ryan joins his friends and teammates at the bar, The
Oasis, managed by his older brother Mike (Jason Gedrick). That
evening, Wattles and Swift do the same thing that they do every
evening: turn their office into a casino. That evening, he works
on reading the manuscript of a book in which psychiatrist dr
Brubaker (Oskar Homolka) claims that almost all men are driven to
have extra-marital affairs in the seventh year of marriage. That
evening, she has him take her to a train for New York. That
evening, the Tramp runs into a drunken millionaire who is
attempting suicide on the waterfront. That evening, the family
goes out to dinner with Missy and her parents Muffin and Barry,
and Bebe shows up as their waitress, which surprises everyone.
That evening, through a contrived prank by Marion, Rawlins is
accidentally invited to the important dinner party for Senator
Harlan, who takes quite a liking to him, as does his daughter
Minerva (Ann Dvorak). That evening, visibly moved by her
transformation, Edward begins seeing Vivian in a different light.
That is the final straw for Casey, who then decides to divorce
both her parents. That is, if he now has come to believe in
divination and mysticism, perhaps he should believe in God and
prayer. That it has a loving family is what's most important.
That narrative suggests that mrs Sommers had been before her
marriage a wealthy woman, but now "needs of the present absorbed
her every faculty". That night Cécile goes to Manise's place to
confront him about scaring Claire, she does not know that Alain
is following her. That night Eve rebuffs Mickey's advances and
sleeps with the bartender who has a crush on her, while avoiding
the wealthy married man she's been having an affair with. That
night Kobayashi is to appear at a variety show staged by the
locals to entertain the Americans. That night Rhea and Karan
consummate their relationship. That night after feeling unwell
all day, Justine takes a pregnancy test. That night at Jake's
Joint, while the princess is looking for Paul, Jimmy sees Albert
in the company of gangsters. That night at a college mixer Lance
has arranged for Walter to meet his "Sure Thing". That night at a
party, Billy's friend Perry (Richard Ganoung) agrees to finance
Billy's Screen Kiss project and Billy serendipitously runs into
Gabriel. That night at a party, an indignant Sheldrake tells Fran
about Bud refusing to let Sheldrake use the apartment, especially
for bringing Fran there, and then quitting. That night at
midnight, the portraits come to life once again to celebrate
their union with song and dance. That night at the town's annual
Azalea Ball, a drunken Spencer tells a society matron that his
homosexuality was caused by drinking the local water. That night
during a Valentine's boat trip on Sydney Harbour, an argument
ensues and Brett decides he has had enough. That night is a full
moon and fate decides to lend a hand. That night on the field
after the game, Tenley meets Ryan to talk, and he tells her to go
to San Francisco. That night police detective Cavanaugh (Brian
Dennehy) comes up with proof that the paintings that supposedly
were lost in the fire—which were worth millions in insurance—are
still in existence and that Chelsea's father was murdered and the
murder was covered up, something which he claims put a strain on
his career since it was his investigation. That night she leaves
a note for Grace and runs away. That night they sleep together
for the second time. That night while writing before falling
asleep at his typewriter, Calvin writes a passage with Ruby
admitting, although he is not the type of guy she usually falls
for, she is falling in love with him. That night, Abby visits
Gidget and invites her to dine with her and Eddie and the rest of
the gang. That night, Adam sees Amanda and their neighbor Kip
Lurie (David Wayne), who has shown a clear interest in Amanda,
through the window. That night, Alice tells Ed that she had sex
with Donald. That night, Alison finds out about Terence's
financial situation and tries to help him out by offering Reilly
to pay off Terence's debts. That night, Annie shows no interest
in sex with Alvy. That night, Brad tries to reconcile with
Lauren. That night, Charley and Eadie announce their engagement,
worrying Connie. That night, Duncan's father (Jay Thomas)
declines his request to borrow the company car, a red BMW 525i.
That night, Gretchen, speaking to Doug, notices Bic razors and
Mitchum deodorant in their cabinets. That night, Hannah confronts
Tom to ask about the kiss. That night, Harriet realizes her
feelings for Robert have changed, and when Alfred gets a text
message from his wife asking him to return, he declines. That
night, Isolde tells Augie about the bank imbalance and, panicked,
Augie hastily admits that he borrowed money from Dick several
times and paid it back in full once he was employed. That night,
Izzy and Mary talk on their balconies, Izzy admitting that he
likes Double Dutch, but having difficulty due to his father's
passion for boxing. That night, Jake tries to call Sarah. That
night, Joel is unable to sleep and hesitantly calls Lana. That
night, Joel, Lana, Vicki, and Joel's friend Barry go out. That
night, Joyce gets a new makeover for the date with Frank that
Aunt Bam set up. That night, Kralik visits her at her apartment,
where she reveals her problem to be "psychological". That night,
Lafayette Hightower (Elvis Nolasco) --an emotionally unstable
colleague from the museum which acquired the dagger--, pays a
visit to Green's impressive, African-art covered Martha's
Vineyard mansion. That night, Lara Jean teases Kitty about her
own crush on Josh, upsetting her. That night, Lauren's mother
Cookie (Mimi Kuzyk) invites Lauren and Lauren's one-year-
separated husband Brad (David Lipper) to dinner. That night,
Lenny (Mike O'Malley), a man who is infatuated with Jean,
proposes to her and she replies with a 'maybe'. That night,
Lincoln is bothered with a nightmare in which Ina is killed. That
night, Loretta remains at Ronny's apartment and sees such a moon;
Raymond sees it as well, and it leads him and Rita to make love.
That night, Mary ends up getting so drunk that she winds up going
in the middle of the road, and then struggles to get back in her
apartment building. That night, Mia has her
bachelorette/sleepover party, where Queen Clarisse surfs on a
mattress and sings a duet with Princess Asana (Raven-Symoné), one
of Mia's good friends. That night, Nicholas appears outside Mia's
window and asks her to come out. That night, Nora decides she is
going to go after Gordon, but Ferdi convinces her otherwise. That
night, Rodney arrives at the gym as Izzy is leaving, bringing a
large crowd with him. That night, Steve visits Caroline at her
house, but is turned out after Willis Evans (Bill Goodwin), a
conservative botany professor who is in love with Caroline,
arrives. That night, Tony calls a local goon and beats Griff in
an alley. That night, Tony sees Phil sneak to Sylvia's bedroom
for a late night hug. That night, Top breaks up with Samantha
because she was too perfect for him, but Samantha has already
fallen in love with him. That night, Zach breaks in and discovers
that Beth's parents have been hiding her. That night, a hail
storm hits Brentwood Hall and destroys all of the Brentwood #6s.
That night, a man from a collection agency comes to the house and
demands that Emily pay the full amount of the coat or be taken to
court and have her husband's salary attached. That night, after
she tells her family about her adventure, her obnoxious, younger,
musician brother Chick (Mickey Rooney) phones Tommy, pretending
to be June's servant, and forces his sister to continue the
charade. That night, at Elwood's request, David takes Mary out on
a date in Tom's place. That night, at a dance on a boat,
government agents finally track her down and try to escort her
away, but a wild melee breaks out and Joe and Ann escape. That
night, everyone shares a celebratory dinner before putting the
house back "just the way we found it". That night, having already
made plans to use his new license, he sneaks out of the house
with his grandfather's prized 1972 Cadillac Sedan de Ville for a
night on the town with Mercedes. That night, he talks about his
and Sheila's relationship, which angers Troy. That night, her son
Timmy (Gordon Gebert) becomes excited when he sneaks a peek at
what he thinks is his present, only to be disappointed when his
mother sets him straight. That night, in an attempt to rectify
his situation, Chris again leaves Samantha in Mike's hands and
takes Jamie to a movie showing of The Notebook. That night, she
hears Josh come into her house and runs to hide in a treehouse in
their neighborhood. That night, the remaining three go to the
Aria's popular nightclub, where they accept the bouncer's
suggestion that they earn immediate entrance by purchasing $1,800
bottle service, using some of Archie's winnings. That night, the
two friends have a beer when a delivery comes in the form of a
vintage porn viewer machine which plays the films of Diamond Jim
(Christopher McDonald). That night, they have sex. That night,
they make love, then fall asleep in Evie’s mother’s bed. That
night, thinking their kiss was heartfelt, Anna offers herself to
Ben, but he rejects her advances. That night, while Bill buys
cigarettes in a drugstore, escaped convict Luke Manning (Guinn
Williams) robs the place and murders the clerk. That night, while
Charles is at the exhibition's opening event, Nicole hears a
noise. That night, with Stephanie gone, Jack hooks up with
another waitress named Cammi, who recognized him from his acting
career. That one's always gonna be her". That same day, Cry-Baby
approaches the "square" part of town to a talent show at the
recreation center where Allison's grandmother hosts events, and
introduces himself to her, who is skeptical of his motives. That
same day, however, Prime Minister von Haugk (Edward Connelly)
arrives with the news that the king is seriously ill, and that
Karl must go home and take up the reins of government. That same
evening, a welcome party is held, but because of all the new
impressions drinks and fatigue Phileine goes to bed early. That
same morning, Frank Harmon (William Holden) is bidding farewell
to his overnight guest, a very beautiful blonde that openly shows
interest in him. That same night, dr Nancy Love answered Eve's ad
for a roommate to share her house, and moves in the next day.
That takes care of Tom's IOUs. That time, Winona was so worried
so he took care of Bong. That turns out to be a dead end (the
money is only held in trust for the Community Chest), so he
decides to swindle people using his alter ego's sterling
reputation. That turns out to be blond hotel maid Gladys (Shirley
Chambers), whom Achilles is trying to romance. That upsets Henry
even more because he thought Sam meant something to Pike too.
That was your idea wasn't it. That week is also Pilgrimage Week,
which includes a ball and tours of Brentwood Hall, all while in
costume. That's what you're doing, isn't it. That's when his
girlfriend, Mathilde, tells him she is pregnant. That's why he is
called "Lucky" Fritz. That, and the music that Miles wrote
especially for Arthur for this moment, give him the confidence to
walk onto the stage unassisted. The "Captain", Gabriel (Dan
Hedaya), is upset at reviewing the file of angel partners
O'Reilly (Hunter) and Jackson (Lindo), all of whose recent cases
have ended in divorce or misery. The "fathers" cease the support
payments, and the Braddocks, who cannot have children of their
own, agree to take care of Gia while she studies in theS. The
"game" begins that night at dinner when Jeff arrives with Abby
(who is unaware that he is Gidget's boyfriend as Gidget had only
identified him as "Moondoggie"). The "monster" is revealed to be
an elaborate publicity stunt orchestrated by young businessman
Wally Butler (Richard Lineback), who bought an oriental
restaurant outside of town and added a hotel. The "newlyweds"
board another aircraft, but when Joan figures out that they are
not really married, she parachutes out to be reunited with Steve.
The "syrup" gains praise from everybody in town, until the police
show up to close down the operation. The 1950 Disney adaptation
takes advantage of the slipper being made of glass to add a twist
whereby the slipper is shattered just before Cinderella has the
chance to try it on, leaving her with only the matching slipper
with which to prove her identity. The 1960s was a golden age for
Taiwanese films. The AA member tries to sexually assault Tom, and
when he tells Jackie she upbraids him for throwing Eli away for
daring to fall for him. The Americans jump overboard when the
skipper discovers what happened to his purser. The Assistant
District Attorney, John "Jack" Sargeant, is assigned to prosecute
her. The Austins are desperate to keep her, and the teenagers,
Gena and Tim, hatch a scheme to do so. The BK slowly starts
falling into it,but he never realizes it. The Baba Zeba persuades
her to put up the baby for adoption. The Baroness is not
interested in farming and wishes to get back to the Royal Court.
The Beagle Boys attack Donald, scaring him into hiding, and Pete
tries to do away with him with a guillotine, but he escapes at
the last second. The Beagles run to tell their boss, Captain
Pete, that they were not successful in dropping the safe on
Minnie; he clobbers them, saying he wanted her "kidnapped and
kept 'safe'" until he can take over the kingdom. The Bellas are a
close-knit family of Italian-Americans living in Boston,
Massachusetts. The Bellas participate in the southeastern
regional competition at Carolina University where, at Aubrey's
insistence, they perform the same medley that helped the Bellas
advance to the finals the previous year. The Bellas re-form after
spring break, with the notable exception of Beca. The Bellas try
to intervene, but Beca accidentally smashes a window with the
trophy, which alerts a police officer standing outside who then
arrests her. The Bellas win the national competition, and six
months later auditions for new members take place. The Bennet
family fears the worst when they receive word that Wickham and
Lydia have married, following an "accident" that has left Wickham
as a quadriplegic. The Bermuda trip is repeated, but this time
Cathy drinks to soothe her nerves and ends up drunk. The Big Sick
is based on the real courtship of Kumail Nanjiani and his now-
wife, Emily Gordon. The Binghams weigh the opinions of lawyer
Lou, who also has a romantic interest in Katie. The Bishop's
chaplain, a lawyer, tries to draw up a contract, though it proves
a difficult task. The Boneys are basically the leaders of the
Dead, and are seemingly stronger and more intelligent than
Fleshies. The Borgens track her down; Bill and Erica barge into
Gus's apartment and find her asleep in his bedroom after a night
of drinking and doing drugs. The Boy rushes to her rescue and
single handedly manages to outwit the Maharajah and his guards
and escape with the Girl. The Boy sees a recruiting poster and
applies to join the United States Navy. The British Army arrives
and guns down the remaining zombies. The British government
realises that keeping Balkan country Carpathia in the Triple
Entente is critical during the rising tensions in Europe. The
Brothers Bloom, orphaned at a young age, begin performing
confidence tricks as young children; Stephen dreams up elaborate
scenarios and his younger brother, Bloom, creates trust with the
marks. The Building and Loan has closed down, as George never
took over after mr Bailey's passing. The Bullocks then send their
daughters off to Europe to get Irene away from her now-broken
engagement. The Bulls, now having no use for his mentor, release
Crash. The Burtons end up hiring a taxicab and spending the night
in the car, as it is too frigid to walk around outdoors. The CIA
Director asks Cody if there is anything else he needs and Cody
asks them if they could help Natalie get her driver's license,
which she receives. The CIA also assemble a varying team of
"experts" to train Cody into how to talk to girls, and issue him
with a variety of gadgets with various functions. The CIA decides
to help by doing his chores and homework, trying to build his
status, and going into the school to set him up with Natalie. The
Camp Ivanhoe Scouts have a change of heart and decide to help the
couple. The Canfield and McKay families have been feuding for so
long, no one remembers the reason the feud started in the first
place. The Canfield patriarch insists the parson stay the night.
The Canfields place their pistols on a table; Willie then divests
himself of the many guns he took from their gun cabinet. The
Cappamezzas (Lainie Kazan and Joseph Bologna), Bronx-born
Sicilians, own a local catering business. The Cappamezzas' son,
Rosario, (Nathaniel Marston) falls in love with the Malacicis'
daughter, Gina, (Angelina Jolie) after she replaces the obese
star of the neighborhood church's staging of Romeo and Juliet.
The Captain (via Dave) spends some time with Josh and Gina and
realizes that humans are more advanced than they thought, having
feelings and love, such as witnessing Gina's painting or a
homeless man offering to share his blanket with Dave when he
sleeps in a doorway. The Captain apologizes to Number 3 for
ignoring her. The Captain attempts to retrieve the orb but is
told that they only have enough power to either retrieve it or
return home. The Captain decides to save the Earth and the rest
of the crew agrees. The Captain doesn't fully realise this until
the last night of the cruise, when champagne being served is
revealed to be cider, with the crew pocketing the considerable
profits. The Captain finds himself engaged to be married to an
attractive widow, the Chief Officer is also engaged to a young
heiress and the larcenous officers are arrested by Sydney police.
The Captain says goodbye to Josh and Gina saying he now
understands love. The Captain turns the ship around to search for
Von Luber, but when O'Hara says that Von Luber cannot swim, the
Captain happily turns the ship back towards America. The Careys
accept and Osh chooses a fake picture for the ceremony. The
Carraways decide to file suit against Gary. The Cellini Venus
was, in fact, his first heist. The Cinderella character, named
Cinder, is a cyborg mechanic, who meets Prince Kaito. The Comte
de Rochefort arrests d'Artagnan and takes him to the Cardinal.
The Conclusion: In the German version of the story, the evil
stepsisters are punished for their deception by having their eyes
pecked out by birds. The Count is led to believe Melissa is
Pampinea. The Count, arrives at Florence only to be ambushed by
Gerbino's men. The Crain sisters agree, but then double-cross the
monks, and Malloy saves the day by living up to his
"Brainsmasher" moniker. The Cunninghams disapprove of the match
but begin to accept Jake's "girlfriend" just as Jake and Brandi
are truly becoming a couple. The Dead soldier is found and
killed, but Grigio orders a widespread search to find the second
zombie. The Dean of Wainwright College (and soon to be Andy's
faculty advisor), dr Standish (Herbert Marshall) is also on the
train. The Department of Motor Vehicles originally let him pass
the exam (as his failing score was thought to be irretrievable
after the computer surge) because his twin sister had scored so
highly; they decided that twins could not be too different. The
Doctor’s assistant made a mistake with his notes. The Draytons'
black maid, Tillie (Isabel Sanford), is even more horrified,
suspecting that John is trying to "get above himself" by marrying
a white woman. The Duelling Cavaliers test screening is a
disaster; the actors are barely audible thanks to the awkward
placing of the microphones, Don repeats the line "I love you" to
Lina over and over, to the audience's derisive laughter, and in
the middle of the film, the sound goes out of synchronization,
with hilarious results. The Duke attempts to rape her, but she is
saved by Le Chocolat, one of the cabaret dancers. The Duke backs
the show on the condition that only he may see Satine. The Duke
becomes suspicious of their frequent meetings and warns Zidler
that he may stop financing the show; Zidler arranges for Satine
to dine with the Duke that evening, but she falls ill from
tuberculosis ("If I should die (Górecki)"). The Duke interrupts
them; Christian and Satine claim they were practicing lines for
"Spectacular Spectacular". The Duke orders his bodyguard to kill
Christian, but is thwarted, while the Duke's own attempt is
stopped by Zidler. The Duke storms out of the cabaret as
Christian and Satine complete their song ("Come What May
(Reprise)", "Coup d'État (Finale)"). The Duke tells Zidler he
will have Christian killed if Satine is not his. The Eagles lose
the game and Patrizio is furious. The Earl and Countess of Rhyall
(Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr) are facing financial troubles and
are therefore forced to permit guided tours of their stately
home. The East Side Kids reunite in Danny's hospital room with
the new baseball uniforms that they bought after selling the car.
The Enders family is shaken and stirred by their son's decisions
and behavior, but reluctantly accepts him. The FBI set up an
elaborate operation in which Michael's execution will be faked at
the wedding reception. The Four Seasons are a very good jazz
quartet, but they perform in a New York City cafe for only $100 a
week, forcing them to share a small, rundown apartment. The
Frankenstein Brothers is a coming of age romantic comedy centered
on the lives of twin brothers Luke and Corey Frankenstein in the
months following college graduation. The General is soon shocked
to find that his disreputable brother Reginald will be at the
wedding. The Ghost also shows him how James is enjoying Christmas
with his wife and friends; James still invites Frank every year,
although he never attends. The Ghost leaves Frank in a utility
space under a sidewalk, where he finds the frozen body of Herman,
a homeless man he had met earlier at Claire's shelter; Frank had
refused to buy him a cup of coffee. The Ghost of Christmas Past
appears as a taxi driver who takes Frank back to his childhood,
beginning in 1955. The Ghost of Christmas Present appears as a
cute, yet volatile pixie who goes by the motto, "Sometimes you
have to slap people in the face to get their attention". The
Ghost then takes Frank forward to 1968-71 to see himself as a
young man meeting Claire, and showing how Frank's rise to power
changed his emotional life, and that Frank is to blame for the
loss of Claire. The Girl and Gyeon-woo's relationship takes a
turn for the better and he sends her home and meets her father,
who is a habitual drinker. The Girl and her friends stop off at
the port of Agar Shahar Khairpura, the "City of a Thousand
Rascals", in the country of Khairpura-Bhandanna, to sightsee,
just as the Boy and O'Rafferty get shore leave there. The Girl
does not contact him again and Gyeon-woo naturally thinks they
have broken up, until one day when she calls Gyeon-woo to meet
her for dinner with a blind date. The Girl introduces Gyeon-woo
to the date and, while she leaves for the washroom afterwards,
Gyeon-woo candidly offers advice on how to ensure her happiness
by asking her potential suitor to follow ten rules: preventing
her from overdrinking and giving in to her at every circumstance,
even if it means enduring the occasional "violence". The Girl is
delighted to see the Boy and rushes into his arms. The Girl wants
to stay with him, but is stymied by his complicated living
situation. The Girl's mood swings wildly from joyful to downright
violent, but Gyeon-woo puts up with it and lets her abuse him for
her amusement. The Grande Dame informs The Brothers Grimm that
Danielle was her great-great-grandmother. The Grande Dame shows
the brothers a glass slipper and tells them the story of Danielle
de Barbarac. The Great Leslie (Tony Curtis) and Professor Fate
(Jack Lemmon) are competing daredevils at the turn of the 20th
century. The Gypsy punk band that appears in the film is
portrayed by real-life Gypsy punk band, Gogol Bordello, who also
contributed three songs to the film's soundtrack. The Hills,
meeting Su-Su in person and now believing that she is only 12
years old, agree to let her stay with them. The Hlynur is
defensive by nature, but harmless. The Hot Chili Steppers ignore
them and affirm their solidarity before beginning the
competition, Chuck, Earl, Tammy, and even Rodney showing up to
watch. The Hot Chili Steppers take the stage immediately after
them, and while doing so, Izzy sees his father and sister
entering the arena, greeting him with a smile. The Indian
returns, and urges Sean to forego catching any rhinos this
season. The Inkwell follows Drew's bumbling pursuit of the
insufferably snooty Lauren (Jada Pinkett Smith). The Irish cohort
has a change of heart and returns with a bag of cash taken from
Vic at the scene at the crime. The John Doe philosophy spreads
across the country, developing into a broad grassroots movement
whose simple slogan is, "Be a better neighbor". The Judge's
daughter Marian (Cecilia Parker) is intoxicated by Washington's
social life, while son Andy (Mickey Rooney) falls for a pretty
daughter of a French diplomat. The Juilliard representatives are
there, and watch as the show seems to go well. The Junior League
decides not to continue volunteering at Hope House. The Kid and
his still-loyal friends hold off the gangsters as the police
initiate a raid. The Kid assures the judge who sentenced him
earlier that he will focus his attention on the home, which he
will make a reality. The Kid confronts Charlie in his office. The
Kid decides to return to New York to try to come up with the
money. The Kid learns where his scheme went wrong. The Kid
receives the all-important city license. The Kid remembers that
Nellie Thursday (Jane Darwell), a kindly neighborhood resident,
has been denied entry to a retirement home because of her jailed
husband's criminal past. The Kid returns to the home to find it
deserted and the money he had hidden in a hollowed-out statue
gone. The Kid touts across a beautiful woman intending to bet
$2,000 on a horse named Iron Bar. The Kilbournes believe Rawlins
has left for good, much to Jerry's dismay after waiting up to
reconcile with him. The King of Spain orders Rodrigo to choose a
wife among seven Italian Princesses within seven days, and for
that he arranges a gathering, despite his attraction to Isabella.
The King, Louis XIII, gave the Queen a gift of diamond studs but
she gives them to her lover as a keepsake. The King, impressed by
Elizabeth's pleading, asks her to report back on the people's
feelings towards him and his midnight speech on the radio. The
Latimore brothers also run a "security business" and instill fear
in everyone in the town except mr Wong, who doesn't put up with
their antics and refuses to sell his establishment to them. The
Latimore brothers dupe Norbit into getting Kate to sign papers to
renew the restaurant's liquor license and put it in the
Latimores' name. The Lemon Drop Kid (Bob Hope), a New York City
swindler, is illegally touting horses at a Florida racetrack. The
Levins' life is simple and unaffected, although Levin is uneasy
at the "invasion" of so many Scherbatskys. The Lieutenant sneaks
away from his bride to wander the streets of Flausenthurm to find
his girlfriend. The Little Tramp first meets the Flower Girl, and
discovers she is blind when she cannot find a dropped flower. The
Lone Prospector gets lost in the same blizzard while also
prospecting for gold. The Lords chase girls, steal cars, play
pool and hang out at a local malt shop. The Ludwig Von Drake
version of Mickey and the Beanstalk was released separately in
1988 in the Walt Disney Mini-Classics line. The Major at first
resists her advances because he believes she is that young, and
later he holds back after learning that Ann's mother Muriel
(Hedda Hopper) was a former girlfriend of his. The Marine's name
is Jesse Rodriguez (Freddy Rodriguez). The Master arrives, and
tastes the young man's ramen, sampling small bits of it, very
sparingly. The Master says Abby's noodles are good, but he cannot
give her his blessing, saying that she needs more time and
restraint. The Millionaire cannot remember the Tramp or giving
him the $1,000. The Millionaire takes him to the mansion, and
after he hears the girl's plight, he gives the Tramp $1,000 to
give to the girl for her operation. The Miss Latina American
Beauty Pageant is being held in that very same hotel and Miss
Puerto Rico's flight was delayed. The Moores leave to visit mrs
Mooore's mother, and leave a key for the Burtons, who are going
out to a dance. The Morgans are rescued by the Wheelers and their
new friends from the town. The Mortmain family is genteel, poor,
and eccentric. The Murch family, which now includes two
daughters, seems to be doing well. The Musketeers arrest Milady
before she reaches Cardinal Richelieu. The NSA agents are gunned
down by Grocer and Martin. The Oneders' performance at the talent
show earns them a paying gig at a local restaurant, where they
begin to sell recordings of "That Thing You Do" and are noticed
by talent promoter Phil Horace (Chris Ellis), whom they hire as
their manager. The Opera House Ghost, who has long haunted the
opera house without much incident, begins to commit seemingly
random murders staged as "accidents", and also requests that
Christine be given lead roles in several upcoming productions.
The Owens women celebrate All Hallow's Eve dressed up in witch
costumes, and are embraced and welcomed by the townsfolk. The
PATRIOT Act has extended authority to a new agency known as US-
IDent, which keeps constant surveillance on citizens—even to the
extent of censoring the Internet and requiring fingerprints to
access computers and bank accounts. The PR stunt leaves Alfred
heartbroken. The Perez family celebrated a special night
announcing the marriage of their only heir, Samantha, to the
eldest sibling of the Dela Cruz family, Red. The Pfeiffer company
calls Gladys to a meeting where Evan Adams III (Lawford) attempts
to induce her to give up the sign by offering her more money. The
Pharaohs tell Curt that "The Blonde" is a trophy wife or
prostitute, but he refuses to believe either. The Pink Ladies are
now led by Stephanie Zinone (Michelle Pfeiffer), who feels she
has "outgrown" her relationship with her ex-boyfriend Johnny
Nogerelli (Adrian Zmed), the arrogant and rather immature new
leader of the T-Birds. The Pink Ladies walk away haughtily, but
this has little effect on the T-Birds' self-confidence
("Prowlin'"). The Plastics take an interest in Cady, and invite
her to sit with them at lunch. The Police Lieutenant is the idiot
of the wit and has to hand over the phony necklace, while Dale
shows with her eyes where the true one is lying. The President
and his staff, led by Chief of Staff and best friendJ. The
President refuses to respond to these attacks, which drives his
approval ratings lower and costs him crucial political support,
without which his crime bill seems doomed to failure. The
President's attention soon focuses on Sydney Ellen Wade, just
hired by an environmental lobbying firm to persuade the President
to pass legislation committing his Administration to
substantially reduce carbon dioxide emissions. The Prince Regent
had planned to have Elsie join them. The Prince Regent turns his
back on her during the supper, taking phone calls and addressing
matters of state. The Prince changes his style and tactics,
complete with a violinist. The Prince is impressed and realises
that he has fallen in love with Elsie. The Prince places her in
an adjoining bedroom to stay the night. The Princess and Jeff
decide to get married in the, accompanied by Orville and Mihirmah
but they are confronted by Kasim, who takes the princess and
gives Mihirmah to one of his men. The Princess arrives with
Fella's lost shoe, but Fella explains that they could never be
together because she is a "person" and he is a "people". The
Princesses are separated on two different buses, and Margaret is
befriended by a naval officer seeking to take advantage of what
he believes is just an ordinary girl, and Elizabeth by an airman
who is absent without leave. The Professor talks Steve into
entering a prize fight with an up-and-coming boxer to make money
for both of them. The Prospector arrives at the town and
encounters Georgia, a dance hall girl. The Queen also tells
Wessex, who followed Viola to the theatre, that Romeo and Juliet
has won the bet for Shakespeare, and has Kent deliver his £50
with instructions to write something "a little more cheerful next
time, for Twelfth Night". The Queen then dispatches Edvard's
majordomo, Søren (Ben Miller), to chaperone the trip. The R in
Drama is Regression. The RAF tries unsuccessfully to negotiate,
but eventually abandons the base. The Red Cross also claim that
Johnny cannot be burdened with the responsibility of the twins,
since there is no hard eveidence that he really is their father.
The Resurreccion's ancestral mansion is believed to have a portal
to the other world. The Revelation: Cinderella's stepmother and
stepsisters (in some versions just the stepsisters and, in some
other versions, a stepfather and stepsisters) conspire to win the
prince's hand for one of them. The Rhythm of Life Church turns
out to be a thin veneer on hippie culture ("The Rhythm of Life").
The Rose Theatre company drives Burbage and his company out and
then celebrate at the local pub. The Royds depart. The Royds
drive down to their spacious cottage in the country. The Russians
are winning. The Santa Claus turns out to be Benjamin, who
notices Nancy. The Scouts flee and Sam and Suzy hike to the cove
which they name Moonrise Kingdom. The Shcherbatskys consult
doctors over Kitty's health, which has been failing since
Vronsky's rejection. The Sheriff decides to give them two weeks
to put on the show (Babes in Arms Reprise). The Sheriff then
visits them to inform them that they have to work at the work
farm because they are not yet 21. The Shop Around the Corner
slowly goes under. The Sisterhood disagrees over whether the
Pants are worth saving, so Lena travels to Greece first. The Six
Chicks soon show up with the cutest boys in class and make Jenna
play "Seven Minutes in Heaven" While Jenna waits, blindfolded, in
a dark closet, thinking a popular boy she has a crush on is about
to enter, the Six Chicks vanish with all the boys, half the food
and Jenna's completed homework. The Slocums stop contacting Zach.
The Soviet Union then sends Nina Ivanovna "Ninotchka" Yakushova
(Greta Garbo), a special envoy whose goal is to go through with
the jewelry sale and bring back the three men. The Spilt Milk was
a drink that gave him his wish that he hit that home run in that
championship game. The Stooges then find the poisoned Snow White,
but they do not bury her. The Stooges, disguised as cooks,
attempt to rescue him, but he falls from a staircase in the
palace and is presumed dead. The TV version, featuring Ludwig Von
Drake narrating, is available as part of the (Volume 1). The
Taverner twins are revealed to be the same person by the
engineers of Treer, duplicated when Roland traveled through a
rift in space-time, while Boxer has become the most wanted man in
the world despite his political ties and his having the fate of
the future, in the form of a prophetic screenplay foretelling the
end of the world, in his hands. The Three Stooges. The Throne of
Glass series, written by Sarah Maas, is inspired by the story of
Cinderella. The Time is Past"). The Tramp asks The Millionaire
for some money, which he uses to buy all the girl's flowers and
then drives her home in the Millionaire's car. The Tramp narrowly
escapes and gives the money to the girl, saying he will be going
away for a while. The Tramp telephones for the police, but the
robbers flee before they arrive, and the butler assumes he stole
the money. The Tramp visits the girl on his lunch break and sees
a newspaper story about a Viennese doctor who has devised an
operation that cures blindness. The Trotta brothers have stolen
the bodies from the morgue, holding them for a two million lire
ransom. The True Directions kids are encouraged to rebel against
Mary by two of her former students, ex-ex-gays Larry and Lloyd
(Richard Moll and Wesley Mann), who take the campers to a local
gay bar where Graham and Megan's relationship develops into a
romance. The True Directions program involves the campers
admitting their homosexuality (step 1), rediscovering their
gender identity by performing stereotypically gender-associated
tasks (step 2), finding the root of their homosexuality through
family therapy (step 3), demystifying the other sex (step 4), and
simulating heterosexual intercourse (step 5). The Tsar, as all
other rulers, has to leave. The Tsar, having fallen in love with
Christel, uses the visiting card, in order to visit her in her
business. The Vortex is coincidentally the target of Rachel's
plan to open a luxury center that will benefit only the top Greek
sororities and fraternities. The Waponis treat them to a grand
feast. The Warner Bros. The Waverlys leave the house for the
helicopter, taking Chaz with them. The Wheelers invite them to a
rodeo, but the Morgans are at loggerheads, so they decline. The
Wildcats and Chad forgive Troy for his absence and convince him
to sing in the talent show, which he does only under the
condition that they are all allowed to perform as well. The
Wonder Circus comes to a town in the Midwest with its featured
attraction, Jumbo the elephant. The Young Kieslowski is a
relationship comedy about Brian Kieslowski and Leslie Mallard,
both undergraduates at Caltech, and both socially awkward
virgins. The Zetas then feel guilty, and decide to give
themselves a second makeover, this time being "Half-Shelley and
Half-Themselves". The actions and attitude of Chipper, with whom
Franny is in love, are contrasted with those of her rescuer,
Junior Jones, a black member of the team. The actress Susan
(Susan Petry) is in love with the video producer Gil (Everado
Gil), but he is in love with the model Toya (Toya Cho). The
actress soon tires of her frivolous life and returns to Crooning
Water, where she too is forgiven, and then returns to London to
marry the doctor. The advertisement has been placed by Helen
Cooper, a thirtysomething bisexual art gallerist who is seeking a
lesbian relationship to replace her unsatisfying and meaningless
sex with men. The advice of Samuel's friend, Marc, a womanizer
and a bachelor, does not help Mathilde's anxiety. The advice
repeatedly backfires, always leaving Danny depressed. The
aforementioned overweight client, Fluisa, shows up, comes between
the two men, and saves Deuce's life (she is not killed because
the bolt hits her breasts, between which she has hidden a roast
chicken). The afternoon continues in a downward spiral. The age-
gap between Brett and him is made clear through their different
lifestyles, such as his lack of understanding how to use a
Blackberry and Brett taking him to a candy shop. The aggressive,
extremely obsessed, and equally snobby Britt and air-headed Bree
serve as the two stepsisters, and Joey Parker, now a famous
celebrity and pop star has returned to school for his senior year
and to remember why he started dancing, acts as Prince Charming.
The airline arrives with the luggage that Greg lost, but it turns
out to not be his, and while Greg is on the phone attempting to
solve the issue, he accidentally causes Jinx to get loose. The
airplane is R’s “house” where he can have some privacy, and hoard
the interesting objects he finds. The aliens need to save their
planet, Nil, from an energy crisis. The alternate scene is she
has backup dancers and she bounces and shows off her dance moves
until she shakes her massive booty right to them for them to
scream and knocks them over with her right and left buttcheek to
end it. The alternate-future Otávio disappears, as well as the
original-future João and spaceman-João. The ambassadorship is
accepted by Ron, who departs for Celeste's world in a spaceship
served by several flight attendants, all of whom look like
Princess Stéphanie. The angel advises Susan to take a greater
interest in Lorenzo's career, so she agrees to accompany him on a
camping trip to test the revolutionary new insecticide he's
developed. The angel comes back to see him, finally confirming
that it was her original intention to take him to heaven. The
angel leaves once again, leaving Kate in Purgatory. The angel's
superior, mr Jordan (Claude Rains), confirms this, but since
there is no more body, Joe will have to take over a newly dead
corpse. The angered voodoo spirits claim Facilier himself as
payment for his debts and drag him to Hell. The anguished Karl
signs the document for the wedding. The animal is then moved into
a travel crate and carried on a third truck, driven by Brandy.
The announcement that Lola is pregnant pushes him to the brink,
making living under the same roof next to impossible for all
three, but after a lot of acting out and flippant commentary
Hlynur begins to see life little differently. The area is
threatened with extinction due to exploitation of Morel skin
smugglers and his foreman Juarez. The area suffers from political
corruption and the police are on strike. The arrest deepens the
Kids's resentment of Danny, even though Danny insists that they
be released. The arrival of the boys, however, changes things,
and in addition to being set free George wins Dolly. The article
is seen by Ira Grushinsky (Ian McNeice), a diplomatic
representative of a small Eastern European country called
Slovetzia (bordered by Hungary, Romania, and Ukraine), a country
she never heard of. The atmosphere between Phileine and the other
people is hostile at the Gala. The attacker and his gang flees to
avoid the dangerous scene when the cops' siren signals are heard
nearby. The attorney returns to New York City, where he promptly
is fired. The attraction the two men feel for one another is
instantaneous and propels the rest of the plot forward. The
audience is introduced to the ritzy country club crowd, including
the WASP-y Lester (Ed Begley, Jr) and the roguish rake Halsey
(John David Carson). The audience vibrates with the mess and play
Quartet. The aunts become drunk through the machinations of the
gigolos and when the club is raided they manage to escape with
their aid. The author is the Sommerfields' young maid Martha
Lindstrom (Marsha Hunt). The auto mechanic takes one last shot at
the lucrative robbery with his Irish cohort to pay off his debts.
The awkwardness is ended when the event MC announces the
reunion’s "king and queen". The baby doll then attacks the
investigator and the scene cuts to black. The bachelor party goes
into full force as Paddy gets ready to be social again, finally
removing his wedding ring. The back half (carrying Tennessee and
the engine) crosses the line just ahead of Thorndyke, while the
front (carrying Jim and Carole) rolls over the line just behind,
meaning Herbie takes both first and third place. The bad night
continues when he goes to see Tenley at home, meets her ex-
boyfriend, and is embarrassed by her parents in front of him. The
bag is able to create any object, such as diamonds and designer
dresses almost instantaneously. The bag is later pulled out of
the water by two passing fishermen, who take Rover back to shore
and place him in the back of their pickup truck. The bailiff
instructs him to remain in Crystal's mansion to keep an eye on
the seized property until the next day, but also to provide any
reasonable assistance to the woman. The ball appears to be inside
a castle. The ball is covered with the new formula, which takes
Buddy back to an infantile state and eventually to a glowing mass
of genetic material. The ball, thrown in the ocean by Number 2,
is retrieved. The balloon takes off while they argue. The band
continues with the production number and accompanies Dorothy
Dandridge and The Nicholas Brothers in their song and dance
routine. The band goes to Ellis Island to meet the girl and soon
discovers that the refugee isn't a 10-year-old child, but a young
woman, Karen Benson (Sonja Henie). The band is intrigued by Doris
and invite her backstage, where they spend a fun evening meeting
young artists in the area. The band members are hurt by this
discovery, as it means she did not genuinely like them, but they
decide to go on nonetheless, with Sa5m taking over as lead
singer. The band then shows up and fires up the crowd with an
upbeat ska version of "Everything I Own". The band's lead singer,
Eugene Hütz, portrays the main character – a character with a
philosophical attitude towards life. The band, which also
includes a bass player (Ethan Embry), adopts the name "The
Oneders" (pronounced "wonders", but often mispronounced "oh-NEE-
ders"). The bank sends Dodd to Hollywood as the new head of the
studio. The banker immediately rushes to her rescue and Claire's
mission is accomplished. The bar is a popular spot for patrons
looking for one night stands as well as streetwalkers looking for
potential johns. The bar's owner, Lucy, takes a shine to the
plucky newcomer and gives her a job as a waitress. The bass
player (who was leaving to join the United States Marine Corps in
a few weeks) goes to Disneyland with a group of Marines and never
returns; he is replaced in the broadcast by a session bassist.
The battle soon begins, though at the conclusion of the movie,
Shante and Keith get back together. The beam of the redesigned
laser has unlimited range and produces an estimated six megawatts
of power, exceeding the original requirement. The beautiful
Princess Veronica (Hedy Lamarr) travels to New York City to find
the American newspaper columnist she fell in love with six years
earlier. The best man is none other than her former fiancé, who
unexpectedly dumped her two years ago. The bewildered Victor
learns the story of how Emily, his new bride, was murdered years
ago by an unknown criminal on the night of her secret elopement.
The big city does not work out for either of them, and when Eddie
finds Perry working in a Coney Island girlie show, he pulls her
out and they find happiness together, buying a ranch back in
Texas. The bishop, who is writing a book on the history of
marriage, suggests that Edith and Cecil should revive the Roman
concept of marriage by contract, but he thinks a traditional
marriage is better. The black market is raided by the
authorities, and he is rounded up with the rest. The blind woman
waits at the table for him to return. The blossoming romance is
shaken, however, when Rahul is told that Sue was not only an
escort, but a prostitute as well by a drunken friend at Bobby's
bachelor party. The board members vote to accept his scheme and
return control of the business to him. The body is hidden, and
Joe returns to a ghostly existence. The bodybuilders take
advantage of this unexpected attention to put on an impromptu
posing routine for the crowd, and the members of the crowd join
in, imitating the athletes' poses and enjoying themselves - an
embracing of the bodybuilding lifestyle by 'normal' people which
arguably represents the real-life 1970s boom of personal fitness.
The bogus charge, brought by Consuelo in order to stop Terry from
leaving, is dropped, and the two embrace. The book (and
especially the film adaptations and its second sequel, Summer
Switch) might be considered a modern retelling of Vice Versa, the
1882 novel by Anstey, in which the protagonists are a father and
son. The book also contains some motifs that appear in almost all
John Irving novels: bears, New England, Vienna, wrestling, people
who are uninterested in having sex, and a complex Dickensian plot
that spans the protagonist's whole life. The book closes on an
ambiguous note, with Cassandra reminding herself that Simon has
promised to return and closing her journal for good by
reasserting her love for him. The book is regarded as legendary,
but unfortunately has been damaged by the water. The book is
serialized in the local newspaper, and the Literary Circle, led
by outraged busybody Rebecca Perry (Spring Byington), forces the
newspaper's owner Jed Waterbury (Thomas Mitchell) to stop
printing the salacious installments. The book's main protagonist
is Nicholas "Nick" Twisp, a 14-year-old boy of above-average
intelligence from Oakland, California. The bookstore closes for
summer holidays, and Don and Prudence leave on a bus tour, where
Prudence grows closer to Don as she understands his passion to
become an architect. The boozer is a wetland bird. The bored
Chesters come to life by helping Jack make his new vessel
seaworthy. The boss decides to screen it for Harold and Sally for
laughs, but is thrilled by what he sees, calling it the best
camerawork he has seen in years. The boss sends Sally to get
Buster. The bottle changes hands several times as the parties
race across Europe from the Scottish Highlands to Èze. The boys
almost get arrested by two cops due to Stacey's broken taillight.
The boys explain that it was an attempt to make Jim seem like a
hero that went wrong, and Michelle's parents accept this and tell
him that if he puts that much effort into the upcoming marriage,
she can give her blessing. The boys finally make it to the
wedding and Roland apologizes to a furious Lisa for leaving her
worried. The boys go on a road trip when they discover there is
only one designer who makes the dress that Michelle wants. The
boys have a friendly game of football, though Pam tries to tell
Jason about Claudine and Geneva's secret. The brain is the best
part, because if they eat it, then they can relive the memories,
feelings, and thoughts of their prey. The bridesmaids put their
best-laid plans in motion only to see them go outrageously awry.
The broke British card counter Charles "Charlie" Beck (Jason
Isaacs) arrives in town to stay with and mooch off some wealthy
friends and gamble at the local casino. The broker goes up to the
actress, Anna, and introduces himself which spawns a romantic
relationship. The brother offers to show him the way, but stops
at every shop in search of a pistol to shoot the unsuspecting
Willie. The brothers fight and a gun accidentally discharges,
wounding Stephen. The brothers have been named alphabetically
from the Old Testament in order of birth: Adam, Benjamin, Caleb,
Daniel, Ephraim, Frank (short for frankincense, the Old Testament
having no names beginning with F), and Gideon. The brothers tell
Bang Bang to set off a small explosive in Prague Castle that will
trigger the fire alarm, allowing Penelope to sneak in and steal
the book. The brothers will masquerade as antiques dealers and
target Penelope Stamp, a rich, socially-isolated heiress who
lives alone in a New Jersey mansion. The budding relationship
between Tony and Amelia is further complicated when Julius' brash
son Paul (William Orr) discovers that Tony has been mailing
company checks to Amelia, unaware that these "scholarship" checks
were mailed at his father's request. The building is evacuated as
both Nick and Russell volunteer to stay behind to handle the
daunting task of landing all the planes on approach in their
airspace before the alleged bomb is set to go off in 26 minutes.
The businessman changes his mind about George's initial proposal.
The butler overhears, and soon the joyous "news" has spread to
the village. The butler, his old former servant, sees him do
this. The butler, who was previously indifferent to Joan's
affections for him, now finds himself falling in love with her.
The butterflies are free. The cab driver, Paulo, takes him to a
fairly run down hotel. The cab falls into the river; Phil and the
driver escape, but without the flash drive. The call brings up
bad memories from his disastrous appearance there seven years
earlier. The camera freezes on Daniel's face and zooms in,
Lauren's last memory of Daniel until they can see each other
again. The camera then pans to reveal to the audience that he's
as usual naked below the waist. The captain and Number 3 reveal
themselves to the police officers who stand down. The captain
challenges Carl to a duel and easily kills the musician with his
sword. The captain is her half-sister Patricia. The captain of
the ship is Lancelot Spratt's brother (Robert Morley). The
captured animals are held in pens in the compound, tended by
native workers, until they are shipped out at the end of the
hunting season. The car careens through the city to a brickyard,
where Richard picks up bricks, and then returns to the store. The
car he wrecked turns out to be a loan. The car momentarily breaks
down, prompting Cindy to run on foot. The career change forces
her once again to borrow money from Hannah, a dependency that
Holly resents. The carnival is destitute and menaced by loan
sharks. The carriage transports the passengers to the Belle
Époque, an era Adriana considers Paris's Golden Age. The case is
dismissed when it is determined that all the shares are in the
hands of a few people, not the general public; the Texans are
bought out at a sizable premium. The cast also includes Ann-Marie
MacDonald as Frances, the owner of a lesbian bookstore where
Maggie works, and Peter Outerbridge as Judy, a trans woman with a
crush on Frances. The cast and crew--particularly Gwen--are
offended by the direction that Weidmann went with instead of
sticking to the movie script and demands an explanation. The cat
falls into a barrel of water under a rain-spout, while Pepé lands
in a can of blue paint. The cat slides into the shop, hitting a
bureau and causing a bottle of white dye to spill and run down
her back and tail (a black cat acquiring a white, skunk-like
stripe is a running gag in most Pepé Le Pew shorts). The cat
smells Pepé's odor and immediately tries to run away, chased by
Pepé. The catch is that if he wins the championship Stroker has
to sell chicken for the next two years; if he loses is he out of
the contract. The catch, which Charlie does not reveal to Herb
until the ship has left port, is that they are required to work
as dance hosts and must sleep in a cramped cabin in the bowels of
the ship. The cause of the explosion is a mystery, with all crew
accounted for with the exception of two unidentified stowaways.
The ceremony passes and Elsie refuses to tell the Prince Regent
details of the treasonous plot. The championship bout is refereed
by boxing promoter and former champion Jack Dempsey (himself).
The character is referred to on several occasions in the film as
either "Ted" or "Farmer Ted", but is credited simply as "the
Geek". The characters in the film spend much of their time trying
to decipher the word "pompatus," wondering whether they are mis-
hearing the lyrics: "Prophetess". The characters, Mark, a
therapist (Jon Cryer); Runyon, a playwright (Tim Guinee); Josh, a
playboy (Adrian Pasdar) and Phil, a plumber (Adam Oliensis), try
(generally unsuccessfully) to sort out their troubled love-lives.
The charade is finally revealed when the colonel and Don's mother
meet. The charmingly self-deprecating Pete confesses he loves
Gladys, acknowledges that his profile is not as good looking as
Adams', and says goodbye. The chase continues until Pepé finds
the cat on the windowsill. The chase results in the wave of
bodybuilders pouring out into the streets of Birmingham, to the
amazed crowd of onlookers which sees them. The child's mother,
Amy (Shirley Jones), is an attractive widow, and Key develops an
immediate interest in her. The children bond, finding in each
other a confidante and kindred spirit. The choice of Eleanor is a
dirty trick on Ned's part, inasmuch as she is already married.
The choir assembles at Nikko's house every night to practice
while still attending practices with Courtney every afternoon.
The choir decides to make the most of its opportunity on the
grand stage, and sings another song, "Swinging on a Star". The
circumstances and risks of the opportunity are unclear, but Ceghe
becomes increasingly determined to make a fortune by stealing and
selling the item. The circus troupe is sent to perform in New
York City. The city council start making bold plans to expand the
town, and both Rip and Mary feel ashamed of what they have done
to change the town structure. The clairvoyant apparently had a
vision in his sleep during Stiva's visit and gives Karenin a
cryptic message that he interprets in a way such that he must
decline the request for divorce. The class rushes to the concert
to find Lizzie. The classmates applaud in approval at his
romantic gesture. The clerks discover that due to the fathers of
Bob and David fighting when the children were born, the two
infants were mixed at the hospital with David being a Harrison
and Bob being a Conway. The clever Don Elbie has invented a new
rangefinder that he hopes to have adopted by the army. The
clients include Carol, a woman who is severely narcoleptic, Ruth,
who has Tourette Syndrome with coprolalia, and therefore is
afraid of socializing, Fluisa, an obese woman weighing close to
750 pounds, and Tina, another woman has a pituitary gland
disorder and is extremely tall. The climax comes at the eighth
grade basket boys' luncheon, an auction in which boys are sold
off to win money for charity. The climax of the film is
Laughton’s recitation of the Gettysburg Address in a saloon
filled with rough Western characters who are held spellbound by
the speech. The climax of the film takes place during The Funeral
of Grimaldi, a jovial memorial service in which many clowns
gather to celebrate the life of Joseph Grimaldi. The coffin is
accidentally sent to Jamaica instead of London and the couple
miss their plane. The collector sends him to the private library
inherited by Dominique's mother, who warns him that books have
disappeared. The college and the old families are running out of
money and spirit. The colleges offer him everything he could
possibly want — girls, cars, cash, free room and board, etc. The
comedian Alvy Singer (Woody Allen) is trying to understand why
his relationship with Annie Hall (Diane Keaton) ended a year ago.
The comedy is about a co-dependent friendship between two very
different girls—straight type-A Paige (Jacobs) and lesbian
slacker Sasha (Meester)—All is fine until Paige meets Tim
(Brody), a young and charming doctor. The comedy of errors is
compounded by Irene and also by Rickey's boss (James Gleason),
who both conspire to keep the couple apart. The commissioner
frees Lexie from printing a retraction. The commotion alerts Aunt
Sarah, who sees both dogs and assumes that they are responsible.
The commotion wakes the kids, who have overheard their parents'
conversations of not being able to go because of them. The
compassionate Gerard figures out that George is not in love with
his fiancée, a childhood friend whom his family has always
expected him to marry. The competition is divided into three
stages: compulsory, speed, and freestyle. The computer tells him
that, despite his numerous blunders with her, Polly is the best
choice for him. The conclusion of the agent scene is that Tad
must clean up his act to convince a director to cast him in an
upcoming film; the solution, a competition to win a date with
Tad, is found out by Rosalee as she surfs the internet. The
conclusion reveals thatS. The conference turns out to be an
attempted seduction. The confrontation with Laida was a rude
awakening for Miggy as well and he realizes why people are so
put-off by him. The confusion created by the gun-happy gas
station worker allows Al to escape unhurt. The confusion is
heightened when Frances misunderstands her daughter's anguish and
concludes that she must be pregnant by Paul. The conscientious
Miss Partridge, discovering there is nothing for her to do,
decides to write the stockholders herself. The contest stops as
everyone flees the club, and Javier has to save Carlos from the
police. The contrast between their two personalities is a source
of comedy throughout the film until Lisa returns and tells him
she wants to reconcile their relationship. The conversation
brings Bridget and Greta closer together, and allows Bridget to
reconcile with her father. The conversation is accidentally
picked up and heard by many other people in the neighborhood. The
conversation moves towards Jesse's experience in Iraq, but it is
obvious that he does not want to talk about it (important later).
The conversations between Wes and his guardian angel further help
Wes to understand himself, and to realize the deeper meanings of
life and the cosmic connections between eternity with Alison. The
convicts Steinbock (Til Schweiger) and Hammer-Gerd (Detlev Buck)
succeed in doing so. The cop tries to have him committed to the
mental hospital, but Buster makes his escape with his camera
intact. The cops show up and take her away. The counselor (Nancy
Carell) remains sympathetic, while the other patients in the
clinic laugh at Marla. The countess distracts Steve as much as
she can to help Dan. The country tunes in each week to watch
Beauregard, who appears with Caesar on the covers of Look and
Life Magazines. The couple admit their love that evening but feel
mismatched. The couple also are having to deal with their
daughters; Sadie, a young teenager, and eight-year-old Charlotte.
The couple are last seen happily together in a small plane taking
off from Pittsburgh airport. The couple are later reconciled,
realising that Moscow society life has had a negative, corrupting
effect on Levin. The couple are reconciled and the President,
accompanied by Wade, leaves to give his State of the Union
Address. The couple become trapped in their masquerade as
newlyweds when they run into Don's commanding officer, Colonel
Michael Otley (Sydney Greenstreet), who lives just a few doors
down with his wife. The couple bicker over domestic issues; Josh
leaving the toilet seat up, Nat's inability to sing the right
words to popular songs and their different definitions of the
rubbish bin being full. The couple finally emerge from their
rooms. The couple follow his advice and wed. The couple get a
lift to her aunt's cabin from the policemen. The couple grow
apart; Herb has an affair with one of Pippa's friends and middle-
aged Pippa has encounters with a younger man named Chris. The
couple have only enough money to clear their hotel bill and to
book passage home to England on a tramp steamer. The couple head
off to Niagara Falls to get married. The couple is overjoyed when
Catherine starts using the same language they used previously and
the principal dismisses them. The couple kiss and plan to marry.
The couple kiss. The couple make their peace and profess love for
each other, and then Anna smacks Edy for being stupid and not
telling her sooner. The couple marry, have two children and later
move into a retirement home in Connecticut. The couple meets up
with Nora, and they flee to a roof where they see the battle
between the Boneys and the Living. The couple moves to
California, where Albert attaches himself to a famed Hollywood
producer, who entrusts him to film a romantic script the producer
has kept shelved for a long time. The couple rejoice at the
situation, and immediately leave the party one after the other.
The couple remain married from 1937 until 1942, when this story
begins. The couple return to New York, where they attempt to
divorce. The couple secure a nice Venetian hotel with the
grudging financial help of Sarah's father. The couple stage an
escape, Harry fighting off Aziz's men with an improvised
flamethrower. The couple storm out of the hotel and each go their
separate ways: Tom going back to the bar, where he meets American
tourist Wendy, and Sarah going sightseeing, where Peter follows
her. The couple suddenly run off to Atlantic City, with help from
Ted. The couple takes one last desperate try to revive their
passion and save their relationship. The couple then put up with
each other's quirks over the next few months, eventually making
it to their anniversary. The couple throw a dinner party to use
their wedding gifts. The couple welcomes a baby girl (a boy in
the alternate ending) and settle down happily together in a new
apartment in Los Angeles. The couple's efforts include Ben making
an awkward marriage proposal with an empty ring box, promising to
get her one someday. The couple's spirited dancing brings down
the house. The couples decide to resolve their problems, except
for Bennett and Tish. The couples decided to have a memorial
service for Gavin in the Bahamas. The couples then wed on stage
at Neil Diamond's concert; Darren to Sandy, Wayne to Judith,
andD. The court reporters seize upon the story, and the courtroom
is packed with the elite of society. The cramped, dark and oddly
furnished house in which Hlynur and his mother live features a
bath which transfigures into a sofa as Hlynur steps naked out of
it, in the middle of the lounge with his mother watching. The
credits scene suggests that the two graduated from college and
became a couple. The credits start rolling in yearbook-style, as
in the original film. The crew goes to a bar to celebrate. The
crew is stranded in the town after a member's motorcycle breaks
down and has to be left at a local repair shop. The crew makes it
to Mars, after Overbeck barks at Fred for being awake the whole
time and using all the food, except food that the former despises
(anchovy paste, creamed liver, and gefilte fish), for painting.
The crew safely return to the Aries orbiting Mars. The crew then
goes to Mordechai in Spittlefield Harbor. The crew then tries to
sneak attack the Reaper, but Dawg counterattacks. The crooked
mayor (Clarence Kolb) and sheriff need the publicity from the
execution to keep their jobs in an upcoming election, so when a
messenger (Billy Gilbert) brings them a reprieve from the
governor, they try to bribe the man to go away and return later,
when it will be too late. The crooks are captured, and an
impressed Parsons gives Lambert his job back. The crowd, seeing
his failure, turn on him, chasing him down the street. The cruel,
self-obsessed, snobby, and washed-up pop singer Dominique Blatt
takes the role of the stepmother, even though she is just her
legal guardian and Mary's mother was one of Dominique's dancers
when she died; Dominique took Mary in as her legal guardian and
turned her into the hired help. The customer threatens to call
the cops, so Slick whacks him over the head with a bottle. The
customers, who witness the entire scene, promptly leave in
disgust as well. The date does not go well, but Fini is
persistent, visiting the hospital where dr Taylor works. The date
progresses back to Sarah's house where they discover that neither
has a condom. The date proves to be awkward: Jake shows up with a
borrowed terrier and offends Sarah when he begins to analyze her
profile. The daughter of a neighbor peeks in the window, sees
what is happening, and quickly leaves. The daughter of wealthy
and famous novelist Meg Swift, Mimi is a young woman who seems to
have a perfect life. The day after her twenty-seventh birthday,
she awakes to find a note, seemingly from Hugh Hefner, asking her
to pack up and leave. The day after pledging to Kay that he will
make certain that none of the in-laws will interfere again,
Stanley drags Ellie to Kay's physician, dr Andrew Nordell,
anxious over the "modern" ideas Nordell has about a more natural
method of childbirth and infant care. The day after the
barbecue,J drives over to former client Robert Lazaar's chalet to
take photos to lure CEO's for corporate retreats. The day after
the newspapers are filled with what happened in the theater and
Phileine is requested for a number of programs. The day before
his wedding, David meets Susan Vance (Katharine Hepburn) by
chance on a golf course. The day before the debate and election,
Rachel hires a hacker to destroy Sydney's files using a virus
called 'The Poison Apple. The day of the interview and match,
Woody goes to Yale for the interview and at first messes things
up and is asked to leave, but he starts to talk about poetry in
rap, which impresses and astonishes the interviewer. The dead
man's fortune is to be divided between the two children. The dead
townspeople are unable to interfere with the affairs of the
living. The dead, now able to intercede, happily drag the "new
arrival" back to the Land of the Dead for retribution for his
crimes. The deadline for payback is over and an extension of
three days was given, during which she has to steal money from
her father's account to save him from the investor's goons. The
deal appears to be in jeopardy as Moran arrives with Charlie. The
dean and the police come in to stop the party. The dean tells
Kid, Play, Bilal and Jamal to clean up the faculty dining hall or
they will face expulsion. The dean's assistant helps Kid with an
extension and a job in the dining hall. The death of the family
dog, Sorrow, provides dark comedy as he is repeatedly
"resurrected" via taxidermy, literally scaring the family's
grandfather to death at one point and foiling a sexual initiation
of John's at another. The deception works, but once underway, his
disguise is discovered, and he is arrested. The deception works:
Joan opens the door and rushes to his side. The defense tries to
use her past relationships to discredit her, but the judge allows
her to cross examine the witnesses herself and in doing so she
wins over not only the judge and jury, but also Jack. The
denouement shows Vida and Wilder (the latter now wearing Vida's
house arrest ankle monitor) watching Wallace on a successful
Letterman reappearance as dr Napalm. The deputy director of that
company, Debra, preys on the job of Richard and has come up with
a plan to frame Richard for sabotage, in order to take over the
company. The description declares she is voluptuous and that her
dates "must love dogs" (Sarah is currently caring for her brother
Michael's Newfoundland dog, "Mother Teresa", while he goes
through his own marital problems). The designer agrees and
purchases Maison Elegance from Sherwood, who assures Lynn he'll
never get involved in another illegal activity if she returns to
America with him. The desperate and self-loathing writer,
Richard, begins to be awakened and inspired by the beautiful
Gabrielle, and starts to come up with various scenarios for his
screenplay, called The Girl Who Stole the Eiffel Tower, which is
based on their unfolding romance. The device resembles a View-
Master stereoscopic toy. The dilemma is further inflamed when
Rose—who by now is no longer angry with Celeste—shows her a
tabloid newspaper proclaiming that Montana is pregnant with
Jeffrey's child. The dinner does not go well. The dinner is a
disaster; Beardsley gets drunk, dr Crutcher thinks she is
George's date, and Victoria is distant. The dinner is very
enjoyable, with the two discussing old times. The director
informs Cody that Diaz stole disks containing plans for a secret
mind-control device, and sends Cody to recapture him. The
director of the film company asked Qi-sheng to take over this
work and continue to produce the film. The directors agree and
the production is back on. The discovery leads him to pursue his
romantic interest in Sara. The disguise works. The disguised
Cinderella's 'fur slipper' was of unique appeal to the Prince who
sought her thereafter through sexual congress (a variety of
sources including Joan Gould). The disputed family painting of
Saint Ursula by Georges de la Tour, rejected by the Louvre as
worthless, sells for 45 million Euros, and because its ownership
is no longer disputed on Claude-Henri's death, the money goes to
the Walker family. The divorce is granted, but Marylin gets
nothing, and Miles' ancient boss, Herb Myerson (Tom Aldredge),
congratulates him. The doctor informs Georgina that she only has
one egg left and that she'd be ovulating for four days. The
doctor invites himself to the little soirée. The doctor says
Charles might be paralyzed for life and asks if they should
resuscitate him if things deteriorate. The doctor suggests that
Jonah uses a sperm bank in the event that he would like to have
children after the operation. The doctor takes the old man home
to his patient wife. The doctor tells him he is not actually
injured and has only "hit the wall". The doctor's office has
called; they tell Phil his sperm is "no good". The dog angels are
alerted of the horn's theft by Anabelle, the head angel (Bebe
Neuwirth), who sends Charlie and Itchy to Earth to retrieve it,
and gives them one miracle to use. The dogs are able to track
down the wagon and scare the horses, causing the wagon to crash.
The dogs return to the junkyard, where Scamp retrieves his collar
and traps Buster under piles of junk, and the pack members
abandon Buster to find owners. The dolls come alive and hold them
hostage with guns, ordering them to keep driving. The don is also
still demanding a large sum of money from Irene for her
unauthorized activities in Nevada, which she doesn't want to pay.
The door is kicked down by Naville's butler, Mayhew (Ian
McNeice), who shoots the two angels in the head (apparently
killing them). The door opens one night, and he thinks it's her,
but it's Wendy, coming to check up on him. The doorbell rings, it
is dr Colinet who arrives. The doors close. The dowager is
unaware of David's identity, since Susan has introduced him as
"Mr. The driver is permitted to invite a woman he claims is his
sister onto the box of the carriage, and when he kisses her, mr
Eager promptly forces the lady to get off the carriage box. The
duke and his family mourn Patterson at a memorial service in the
village church, while David takes off with his paratroop unit to
parachute into France on D-Day. The dung man has ignored warnings
from his family and suddenly the horses have been banned from
Dublin. The duo agree to join Martini on an expedition to Africa.
The duo attempt to shoot Judith, but end up deciding against it.
The duo get into an argument and Dado threatens to leave Manuel
at the plant, but he changes his mind when he steals a shopping
cart from a group of kids and they strap the couch on it. The duo
then finally make it to the embarrassing video of Anthony. The
duo then search for the bombs, finding them in a women's
bathroom. The elder Bhamras are also distracted by their
elaborate wedding plans for Jess's older sister, Pinky (Archie
Panjabi). The electoral agents of both candidates are furious to
discover they have been fraternising on the train. The eloping
couple’s family arrive, chasing them, and persuade them to wait
to get married. The emotional fulfillment the two experienced in
their youth has the appearance of causing them to reflect on
their current lives in comparison to the choices and options they
had while much younger. The emotions of an extended upper-class
family in Manhattan are followed in song from NY to Paris and
Venice. The employees secretly tease Rex behind his back about
his fading career, and even his assistant Jane (Debi Mazar) later
reveals her distaste for Rex's music. The enchanter has heard the
whole conversation and imprisons Odette as a swan in the castle
dungeon, along with Bromley, whom he had found in the woods. The
encounter becomes awkward for Celeste, but not for Max who finds
Jesse to be a cool guy. The end of the film finds Brett finally
confident in herself as she finally wears a pair of leather pants
she was previously too scared to wear, and editing her work in a
decisive way by using a pen instead of a pencil, as is seen
throughout the film. The end of the film takes place at George's
school eight years later, in which all of the characters go to
see Molly in a musical production that George has directed. The
end of the movie (a homage to VH1's Pop-Up Video) reveals that
the song becomes a hit for Cora and Alex, the film version of
Sloan's novel flops with critics and moviegoers (ending his
career), PoP. The end of the movie explains that the real-life
Phillip Morris was released from prison in 2006; but Steven was
given a life sentence and is in 23-hour lockup, only having one
free hour a day to shower and exercise, which the film implies to
be because an official involved in the sentencing had a nephew
who was conned by Morris. The end sequences continues to follow
the epilogue, Deuce's father becomes a male prostitute, Fluisa
underwent extensive liposuction and is now working as a model in
Victoria's Secret known as Naomi, Ruth opens up an all girls
school for Tourette's, Carol manages to fulfill her dream trip to
France,J. The ending is a rendition of the Steve Miller Band song
"The Joker" with Jane and Pitka dancing Indian musical style. The
ending is ambiguous, left up to the viewer to decide if they will
meet again. The engagement between Molly Farringdon and Finch is
broken. The ensuing chaos allows Brainey and the others to
escape. The ensuing chase ends when the elephants corner Dallas
in a hotel lobby. The ensuing chase leads Derek to Swan Lake,
where he witnesses Odette's change from swan to human when the
moon rises. The ensuing confusion leads to a full confession of
love from Dan and a happy union for the new family. The ensuing
fight over Lexie's affections puts her off. The enthralled
Adriana is offered a job designing ballet costumes, and proposes
to Gil that they stay, but Gil, upon observing that different
people long for different "golden ages", has an epiphany, and
realizes that despite the allure of nostalgia, any time can
eventually become a dull "present", so embrace your actual
present. The entire dog house thrashes about as Spike beats up
Tom, who at one point quickly writes his will before being
wrenched back in and beaten to within an inch of his life. The
entire family (Pa, Ma, Suzie, Katie, and Junior) start the day
with a brisk song and morning swim. The entire family is on their
way out the door to a multi-school Christmas play and he offers
to drive them so he can talk to her. The entire ruling family of
the United Kingdom is electrocuted in a freak accident while
posing for a family photograph. The entire town is thrown into
chaos as previously heterosexual community members fall in love
with their same-sex friends, bosses, and co-workers: whomever
they first saw after being sprayed by the flower. The entry was
written in 1975, but Lube misreads the date as 1995, and they
decide to visit. The episode leaves Eliza feeling used and
abandoned. The equation enables him to finish his book, but he is
forced to confront the possibility that he not living in a
clockwork universe after all. The estate is sold and Max returns
to London where Sir Nigel, the company chairman, offers him a
choice: "Money or your life" - either a discharge settlement,
which includes "a lot of zeros," or the partnership in the
trading firm, where he would then be "made for life". The estate
turns out to be little more than a shack. The estranged couple
only have remained married to avoid causing a political scandal
for Michael's father. The event is revealed to have been a
success, with Zoltan Karpathy having concluded that Eliza is "not
only Hungarian, but of royal blood. The events in Vegas force a
journey of self-discovery, testing the relationship between two
very close siblings, and to finding happiness in lonely
Manhattan. The events take a darker turn when Gigli and Ricki
receive orders to cut off Brian's thumb, something that neither
wants to do. The eventual birth of a baby boy delights everyone,
except Stanley, a distant and wary observer of the as-yet-unnamed
baby, who starts to cry whenever Stanley comes near him. The evil
Chicago gangster Slade is on the loose. The ex-GIs have an idea
to buy a former Army camp and convert its barracks into
inexpensive family housing. The executive overhears the song and
decides to buy it, providing enough money to pay off the church
mortgage. The executive vows an all out marketing war with the
eccentric but eventually comes to reconsider his role as a cog in
Coca-Cola's giant corporate machinery. The exhibit appears to be
very successful and Billy receives many congratulations from
various visitors. The experiment's supervisor, dr Thomas Wheedon
(Brad Dourif), tells Darryl only four of his senses will work at
a time until the drug leaves his body. The expert is Paula (Sarah
Jessica Parker), who believes that men continue to live at home
because they have low self-esteem. The fact that there is one man
who does not fall for her smiles drives her to try and win the
admiration of Horace. The fairies then disappear, and Theseus and
Hippolyta arrive on the scene, during an early morning hunt. The
fairy godmother is Perrault's own addition to the tale. The
falling shards of glass kill the two con artists. The families
are reconciled and the newlyweds leave for a honeymoon in Hawaii.
The family (with Susie the bear) returns to the States, taking up
residence in The Stanhope hotel in New York. The family and Weebe
head off to England whereupon they learn that the distance to be
conquered is 20 miles "as the seagull flies" but with the
currents, can be up to 42 miles. The family becomes famous, and
with Frank as Lilly's agent, her book is published for a large
amount of money. The family believes her lapses of memory and
uncertain behavior are after effects of the train wreck. The
family discover that Freud is now blind and the "smart bear" is
actually a young woman named Susie, who has endured events which
leave her with little fondness for humans and feeling most secure
inside a very realistic bear suit. The family dog remembers her,
but the children do not. The family exchanges gifts; and
Meredith, oblivious to Sybil's failing health, presents each with
a framed enlarged photograph of Sybil taken when she was pregnant
with Amy. The family gets together with Jane playing the piano
and singing "Beneath the Lights of Home", accompanied by Oliver,
Nancy, and Sylvia. The family prepares to explain the state of
the Cadillac to Les' grandfather, expecting the worst, but Les'
grandfather laughs it off when he reveals that he has severely
damaged Les' father's own car, a BMW, in an accident. The family
returns home to find the stray cat has completely trashed the
living room. The family runs after them and, after some of them
fall into the lake, the wedding reception is on. The family takes
a trip to the rambling, Rhode Island home of his parents for an
annual family gathering. The family toasts the couple with
champagne and a befuddled Johnny joins in at the grandfather's
urging, as he will now be part of the family after all. The
father catches McKay kissing his daughter. The father refers to
this as "our hospitality". The father tries to keep her from
marrying the Frenchman and thus repeating the mistake he made
when he married her mother. The father, a down-on-his-luck
international travel expert, is helped by Judge Hardy's (Lewis
Stone) connections in the US State Department to find a better
job. The fathers and other townsmen round up the Pontipees and
announce they intend to hang them. The fathers spot their
daughters in the distance, and the girls turn around to reveal
that they are topless, also. The festive mood turns sour when the
police show up, but Kimble bails them out. The feud between Max
(Walter Matthau) and John (Jack Lemmon) has cooled and both of
them patch things up, and their children, Melanie (Daryl Hannah)
and Jacob (Kevin Pollak), have become engaged. The fictitious
authors Randy Bush (Michael Brandon) and Candy Connor (Leigh
Zimmerman) offer "a fail-safe guide to instant romance" to their
dating victims, Melanie (Lucy Punch), Barry (Andy Nyman), and
Luke (Ed Byrne). The fight escalates when Jane sees that Tess
altered their late mother's wedding dress to her own style — the
last straw on Tess' string of lies to George and demands on Jane.
The fight makes the school newspaper, and the CIA suspends Cody
from the mission. The fight on the roof somehow causes the Boneys
to give up, and they disperse. The fighting continues until they
split up. The figure turns out to be Harry, who hopes to surprise
Helen. The film also has comedic elements, including repeatedly
frustrated attempts by the newlywed couple to find a moment alone
with each other. The film also highlights Praetorius's close
friend and confidant, physics professor Lyonel Barker (Walter
Slezak), who plays bass viol in the student/faculty orchestra
conducted by Praetorius. The film also stars Nia Long, Mary
McCormack and Justin Theroux, and features a cameo by Kerr Smith,
who knew the director through their work on Dawson's Creek and
enjoyed the script so much he asked to be a part of it, and
Jennifer Coolidge as the hairdresser Betty, that all the guys,
with the exception of Howie, go to for hair therapy. The film
also touches on an Old World work ethic. The film becomes a box
office hit and garners him an Academy Award nomination for Best
Director , but cracks are forming in Albert and Lucy's marriage,
particularly since Albert was slow to credit Lucy for the
screenplay and he is frequently traveling to places such as
Cannes, France, while leaving his daughter in the care of Lucy,
or more often Maria, their maid. The film begins as Irene
(Adams), a recently divorced tenant, has just concluded a
relationship with Hogan. The film begins as Lizzie McGuire
prepares for her junior-high graduation with one of her two
closest friends, David "Gordo" Gordon. The film begins as a boy
and girl in costumes make promises to each other that they will
get married someday. The film begins by introducing Richard (John
Hawkes), a shoe salesman and recently separated father of two.
The film begins in a little Indian village named
"Harenmahkeester", where we are introduced to Guru Pitka talking
into his recorder which allows him to sound like a man, a woman,
or Morgan Freeman. The film begins with Finbar "Barry" McMullen
standing at the grave of his recently deceased father, along with
his mother, who tells him that she's returning to her native
Ireland to be with Finbar O'Shaughnessy (after whom Barry is
named), her sweetheart of long ago. The film begins with Martha
Alston (DeGeneres) in a wedding gown incarcerated in a Mexican
prison. The film begins with Thomas "Boats" Gilhooley (Lee
Marvin), an expatriate United States Navy veteran, working aboard
a freighter. The film begins with a drunken and downtrodden
Catholic priest telling his story to a sympathetic bartender
(Brian George). The film begins with a voiceover from David (Hugh
Grant) commenting that whenever he gets gloomy about the state of
the world he thinks about the arrivals terminal at Heathrow
Airport, and the pure uncomplicated love felt as friends and
families welcome their arriving loved ones. The film begins with
media attention surrounding Casey Brodsky's (Drew Barrymore)
decision to divorce her parents and have her nanny, Maria
Hernandez (Hortensia Colorado), appointed as Casey's legal
guardian, which results in her parents, Albert (Ryan O'Neal) and
Lucy (Shelley Long) Brodsky, both being brought out of their
respective self-absorbed lives and made to testify in court about
their personal lives. The film captures this time anomaly in
their relationship with scenes of past memories in a non-linear
sequence. The film centers around several years as they both find
their reasons for going on living and finding joy. The film
centers on Sam (Radnor), a writer, and Rasheen (Algieri), a
foster care child, who meet each other when Rasheen is abandoned
on the subway. The film centers on X's training for the
competition while trying to work through problems with his father
and his pretty childhood friend, Naomi (Meagan Good). The film
chronicles the life of a woman named Pippa Lee (Robin Wright),
with flashbacks to her tumultuous past. The film closes as Alice
reflects on her time living alone and being single. The film
closes with Denise and Sherman's wedding reception, with Buddy
nowhere to be found. The film closes with Toninho and Isabella
operating a new restaurant as equal partners and with Cliff and
Monica as a couple. The film closes with the pair performing in
the same club where they had their first date, with Cecil singing
one of her songs and Eliot playing the piano to back her up. The
film comes to a climax when all the women, including the
psychiatrist, assemble at a party with Pride present. The film
comes to also involve Sam's best friend Annie (Åkerman), an
Alopecia patient trying to find a reason to be loved; his cousin
Mary Catherine (Kazan) and her boyfriend Charlie (Schreiber), a
couple facing the prospect of leaving New York; and Mississippi
(Mara), a waitress/singer trying to make it in the city. The film
comes to an end with Sue describing the impact of the boys on her
life. The film concerns the relationships between men, women,
brothers, mothers, fathers and friends. The film concludes with
Sam and Jake sharing a kiss over a birthday cake with 16 candles.
The film concludes with the three women joyfully singing Lesley
Gore's hit "You Don't Own Me". The film concludes with the two
engaging in a kiss while a guitarist (Jonathan Richman), who
periodically narrated the story in song throughout the film, is
accidentally shot by Magda's boyfriend, who was trying to shoot
Ted so he could win over Mary. The film contains many references
to music that was popular in the 1980s, and includes songs of the
time period by bands such as Europe, Duran Duran ("Save a Prayer"
and "The Wild Boys"), and Cecchetto ("Gioca Jouer"). The film
contains several examples of Pre-Code humor. The film covers one
day in her life, during which she must clean many pools in the
midst of a drought that interferes with her usual water supply.
The film culminates with a reception held at the house in which
the sub-plots of Newton's career, family and affections for Becky
are brought together. The film cuts back to Zia, who wakes up in
a hospital bed. The film cuts to a house where a man, Edy
Rodriguez (Alfred Molina) is on a ladder nailing up a welcome
home sign for Jesse. The film cuts to a large warehouse filled
with halls of boxes; Kneller is seen picking up Zia's file from a
box, placing it into his inside breast pocket, and commenting on
how fortunate it is to know people in high places. The film cuts
to black as Kenneth and Kelay are about to kiss. The film depicts
frequent incidents from their past as they spend the night
talking, painting fingernails, visiting the local store to
purchase watermelon and finally sharing the bed in a non-sexual
way. The film depicts the sexual competition among three
roommates — the aggressive, womanizing drummer Tolen (Ray
Brooks), the shy, paranoid schoolteacher Colin (Michael
Crawford), and the artist Tom (Donal Donnelly) — when a young
woman from out of town, Nancy (Rita Tushingham), enters their
London world. The film develops through a series of witty
conversations and is filled with sharp dialogue, obscure movie
references and indie film clichés. The film ends a year later,
when Nicky and Valerie live in New York with their infant son.
The film ends as Nina, George, and young Molly (Sarah Hyland)
(who refers to George as her "Uncle George") walk together down
the sidewalk, hand-in-hand, on their way to get coffee. The film
ends as the scene fades to a similar kiss, this time at their
wedding. The film ends as the two hold hands underneath the table
whilst their children start to bond implying that went on to
rekindle their relationship. The film ends as they embrace and
kiss. The film ends at the wedding of friends Wally and Sophie.
The film ends happily with Katie's attempt to cross the Channel
and the resolution of her gentlemen issues. The film ends happily
with the three childhood friends posing for a photo together. The
film ends months later With Casey still living with Maria and her
family. The film ends much like the last verse of the song "A
Thin Line Between Love and Hate", with an injured Darnell in the
hospital pondering over what happened to him and deciding to
change, and a mugshot of Brandi and Darnell's voice saying "Damn
I'm truly sorry about what happened to Brandi. The film ends on
the note of Newton and Gwen being happily married and living
together in the house. The film ends where it began after the
prologue, with the words "And they lived happily ever after. The
film ends with Abby and Mike in bed. The film ends with Al and
Sue in their empty nest, happily singing "Hit the Road, Tripp",
fading into the closing credits playing the Ray Charles song, and
Tripp sailing away with Paula on his newly purchased boat. The
film ends with Anna going into a Vermeer painting. The film ends
with Annie and Crash dancing in Annie's candle-lit living room.
The film ends with Bert Langdon telling Handy that he ran an
excellent campaign and offers to be his campaign manager for
Governor of Maine, which Handy shows some interest in when he
realizes a governor has certain authority over mayors. The film
ends with Craig sarcastically deriding his former bosses at the
real-estate firm, and deciding to go into the gym business with
Joe Santo. The film ends with Crocker finally falling out of the
ball pit, landing in front of the Turners' house, and walking
away. The film ends with Dan and Marie celebrating their wedding
at his parents' Rhode Island home, and Mitch happily dancing with
Ruthie. The film ends with Donna wishing her passengers well as
they land in Cleveland, now moving her position from a flight
attendant to a pilot. The film ends with Frankie falling asleep
in David's arms. The film ends with Freddie uniting with Maura as
Sophie leaves happily. The film ends with Helen, Dan and the kids
walking along a pier, and Sarah sits on a bench and ties her
shoes all by herself. The film ends with Jake and Joanne going
their separate ways, mostly because of competing career goals,
and Jake hoping to write more plays with greater success. The
film ends with Jerry and Samantha arguing over the story of The
Mexican on their way to Vegas. The film ends with Joe and Belle,
who are no longer being chased by police for murder, happily
living in Sderot together, despite the constant rocket attacks.
The film ends with John and Justin spying on Stifler's mom and
Finch in her suite's couple-size bathtub, having oral sex. The
film ends with Johnny reaching his destination, rapping "Get Wit
It" and dancing with his crew to an audience at a night club. The
film ends with Melvin and Carol walking together. The film ends
with Mike and Diane in love. The film ends with Naomi stating
that relationships and friendships are different kinds of love
but is still love and therefore, can have the same effects and
everyone can have more than one special person in their life. The
film ends with Ogden and Natascha meeting in a hotel's cabaret,
where they begin dancing, since he has left the cruise and his
wife behind. The film ends with Philippe and Klara at the
airport, taking the same flight, addressed by chance by his
mother and Günter, her first love. The film ends with Pippa
driving off with Chris. The film ends with Sam and Austin, now
officially a couple, driving off to Princeton together. The film
ends with Sam finishing the flashback for the story, with Shannon
nearby. The film ends with Shepherd entering the House chamber to
thunderous applause. The film ends with Sydney's father and other
construction workers fixing the Vortex. The film ends with Tina
sucking up to Whittier and Monica, deciding she wants to be on
their squad after all, while Marni comically throws a fit. The
film ends with Zetas and their new pledges celebrating. The film
ends with a celebration at the new Cynthia Swann Griffin Crisis
Center for Women. The film ends with a made-for-film music video
of Rihanna's "Pon de Replay" with the Crenshaw Heights squad
dancing in the background. The film ends with a scene of them
shirtless, playfully splashing each other with water from a sink,
implying that they are continuing their relationship together.
The film ends with a shot of a banner that reads "We Love You
Blankman. The film ends with a wild chase and a shootout with
machine guns. The film ends with all watching the chicken race
crying a single tear, except for Allison and Cry-Baby, who has
finally let go of the past, enabling him to cry from both eyes.
The film ends with an immediate cut to black after Gabe asks the
unseen documentary crew, "Can I go. The film ends with colorful
credits where "Happily Ever After" by Ashlee Hewitt plays in the
background, indicating what happened to all the main characters.
The film ends with no resolution. The film ends with the
doomsayer Bruce previously ran into on various occasions finally
revealing himself to be God. The film ends with the double
wedding of Jaya to Balraj and Lalita to Darcy, with the two
couples riding on elephants down the streets of Amritsar. The
film ends with the three girls together overlooking the water
from the balcony of the restaurant, reminiscing about their time
together. The film ends with the two families and Monsignor Ryan
finally sitting down to dinner. The film ends with the two in a
tight embrace, each realizing that the other's love endures. The
film features Etting singing "Keep Romance Alive" and Bert
Wheeler and Dorothy Lee singing "Keep On Doin' What You're Doin'"
by Bert Kalmar and Harry Ruby. The film features multiple musical
numbers. The film flashes back to the turn of the century. The
film focuses on Chico (Perry King) attempting to win over Jane
(Susan Blakely), a girl who wants little to do with him, and
Stanley (Sylvester Stallone), who impregnates his girlfriend,
Frannie (Maria Smith), who pressures him to marry her. The film
focuses on how their relationship is transformed from distrust,
through respect, and ultimately to attraction. The film follows
Charlyne as she embarks on a quest across America to make a
documentary about a subject she does not understand: love. The
film follows Etienne (Patrick Timsit), a 40-year-old car
designer, who takes time off from work to study sexual mastery
from a Zen master (Alain Chabat) and several prostitutes, in the
hopes of having the sexual skill to impress Laure (Cécile de
France). The film follows Jack Martin as he is offered a large
amount of money to impersonate his look alike, Henri Duran. The
film follows Max Normane, a successful literary editor, who wants
to have a child alone. The film follows a non-linear convoluted
journey through (4) different settings: One which represents
today; one which represents protagonist Wes' dreamworld; and the
remaining two representing the good times shared with Alison who
is Wes' dearest and closest platonic friend. The film follows the
adventures of a group of friends through the eyes of Charles, a
good-natured but socially awkward man living in London, who
becomes smitten with Carrie, an American whom Charles keeps
meeting at four weddings and a funeral. The film follows the
criss-crossed destinies of Boxer Santaros, an action film actor
stricken with amnesia; Krysta Now, a psychic ex-porn star in the
midst of creating a reality TV show; and twin brothers Roland and
Ronald Taverner, whose destinies become intertwined with that of
all mankind. The film follows the exploits of film actor Jack
Noah (Dreyfuss), who is filming in the small, fictional South
American country of Parador when Paradorian President Alfonse
Simms, a Pinochet-style dictator, suddenly dies of a heart
attack. The film follows the exploits of recently graduated
protagonist Marnie as she tries to find a temporary job and win
the attention of a college friend named Alex (who is already in a
relationship), while trying to cut down on her beer consumption.
The film follows the life of Miggy (John Lloyd Cruz) and Laida
(Sarah Geronimo) after their break-up which occurred after the
events in the second film. The film follows the lives of a group
of gay friends in West Hollywood. The film follows the
relationship between Bob (Alexis Arquette) and Brendan (Christian
Maelen), roommates at George Washington University in Washington,
DC, five years after Bob made his romantic feelings toward
Brendan known. The film follows the story of Jamie, a struggling
butch lesbian actress who gets cast as a man in a film. The film
follows two teenagers, Luca (Nicolas Vaporidis) and Claudia
(Cristiana Capotondi), and their friends as they all prepare for
the dreaded maturità (high school graduation) exams during the
summer of 1989. The film highlights their struggles during their
first year of marriage, switching back and forth from flashbacks
of the year's action to a marriage-guidance counsellor's office.
The film in fact opens with such a monologue, with Billy relying
on a series of Polaroids while relating how he grew up gay "in a
small town in Indiana, where there's plenty of corn, fast cars,
and straights. The film intertwines the story of four different
couples and one threesome over the course of one sexual
encounter, with specific chapters for each one: prelude,
foreplay, sex, interlude, orgasm and afterglow. The film is a
romantic comedy, focusing on the love triangle between Bob Jones,
Alysia Potter and Polly Meachum. The film is about a Jewish man
named Robert John (Amana) who falls in love with a wrestling
princess Sandy and it's a "no holds barred" quest for her love,
the Jewish man finds he has to fight for his love as Sandy's dad
is also a wrestler who only wants his daughter to marry a famous
wrestler, and not a Jewish man with little money and no muscles.
The film is about a pair of American authors who promise to find
love for three single Londoners in just three days, as a
publicity stunt for the UK launch of their book 'Are You Ready
for Love. The film is about the coming of age of two sisters and
their friend through the romantic lives of the three main
characters: Kat Arujo (Annabeth Gish), Daisy Arujo (Julia
Roberts), and Jojo Barbosa (Lili Taylor), who are waitresses at
Mystic Pizza in Mystic, Connecticut. The film is about two
couples: Jack (Pollack) and Sally (Davis), and Gabe (Allen) and
Judy (Farrow). The film is an adaptation of a play that riffed on
the real-life relationship between songwriter Irving Berlin and
Long Island socialite Ellin Mackay, which was all over the gossip
columns in the late 1920s. The film is based on the 1943 play The
Naked Genius written by Gypsy Rose Lee. The film is centered on
Spencer (Bradford), who moves to Los Angeles and (literally) runs
into Melora (Kirshner), the girl he's been in love with since he
was a child. The film is centred on the life of Kate Swallow and
her susceptibility for falling in love with different men. The
film is essentially a two-part program. The film is mostly set in
Stockholm and in the small industrial town of Molkom in the
Swedish province of Värmland, where Robin, an amateur
photographer lives. The film is narrated by the family's st
Bernard, Rags. The film is narrated in flashback by Jake Briggs
(Eric Stoltz), a young aspiring playwright, culminating in the
production of one of his plays off-Broadway by agent Carl Fisher
(Tony Curtis). The film is presumed lost as no known surviving
copies of the film exist. The film is punctuated with Billy's
fantasy sequences of himself and Gabriel in pastiches of romantic
film scenes, including the aforementioned From Here to Eternity
and the films of Fred Astaire. The film is released and becomes a
box office hit and Debu quickly becomes a sex symbol. The film is
set during World War II. The film is set during spring break in
Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Texan singing waitress Kelly Taylor
meets Pennsylvanian college student Justin Bell, and they fall
for each other, and various romantic complications ensue. The
film is set in London in June 1911. The film is set in Tuscany
during the Black Death. The film is set in Venice Beach,
California, and it centers on four young people in the midst of
romantic entanglements. The film is set in an alternative reality
in which lying does not exist. The film is set in the hills of
Tennessee, in the Great Smoky Mountains, but is mostly shot on
Hollywood sets and in the San Bernardino Mountains of southern
California. The film is set on Cape Cod, Massachusetts, in 1912
and follows the story of two lighthouse attendants who swear to
abstain from women, until two women arrive for their summer
vacation. The film is shot in black and white until Frankie sees
David, when the film switches to color and David's eyes are
revealed as blue. The film is told mostly in flashback, with Eli
recounting his side to Esther (Doris Roberts), an HIV clinic
worker as he waits for test results and Tom to a guy he meets at
an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. The film is told through the
stories of two women: Nana, a grandmother, and Daisy, her
granddaughter. The film leaps ahead several years, showing a
scruffily bearded Charles enjoying life on Tamahine's island,
while Richard takes his place as headmaster, watched by Tamahine
and their children. The film makes use of several phenomena that
can be described as occult portents that meeting a love match is
imminent or occult tools to help strengthen, seal or bring about
love, luck and happiness. The film opens as Leo (Kevin McKidd),
an openly gay man celebrating his 30th birthday, arrives home and
is very unhappy to find a surprise-party organised by his
roommates Darren (Tom Hollander) and Angie (Julie Graham) in full
swing. The film opens atB. The film opens in 1922 with Harold
Lloyd (the character has the same name as the actor) behind bars.
The film opens in Los Angeles, where Doug Blake (Carson) is
dumped as a manager by Gary Mitchell (Bowman). The film opens
twenty years after the end of World War II in the village of San
Forino, where the three ex-airmen attend a unit-wide reunion of
the 293rd Squadron of the 15th AF in the village where they were
stationed. The film opens with Erik feigning illness so that he
can stay home and masturbate. The film opens with Francie
"Gidget" Lawrence (Deborah Walley) and Jeff "Moondoggie" Matthews
(James Darren) getting pinned. The film opens with Harmony
(Basinger) driving down a long, winding road, the music of Elvis
playing on the radio. The film opens with Laida starting out her
day for a job interview with Flippage, owned and managed by her
crush Miguel "Miggy" Montenegro. The film opens with Nora
studying law and Mary shopping on Rodeo Drive. The film opens
with Tom and Sarah in the airport, then flashes back from the
moment they met up to the present. The film opens with Wesley
Deeds (Tyler Perry), head of the family-owned Deeds Corporation,
dressing for work. The film opens with a conversation about
independent movies, which leads directly to the film’s title. The
film opens with a freighter at sea exploding and news
announcements. The film opens with a soldier and nurse getting
out of two 1940-style cars in the middle of night. The film opens
with an unnamed dancer (Charles “Lil Buck” Riley) dancing in
various locations around Brooklyn during the credit sequence. The
film opens with store manager Joe allowing employee Lucas (Rory
Cochrane) his first opportunity to close the store, an
opportunity Lucas regards as an honor. The film opens with us
being introduced to the four main characters, Maura a down on her
luck single mother, Molly her daughter as well as Freddie and his
soon to be bride Sophie. The film portrays the conflicting and
comical attempts by five couples to avoid pregnancy by using
contraceptive pills. The film progresses as Hlynur comes to terms
with his mother's love for Lola and his own feelings of
inadequacy with her. The film recounts the misadventures of a
beautiful and temperamental Neapolitan village girl Isabella
(Sophia Loren) and an ill-tempered Spanish prince, Rodrigo (Omar
Sharif). The film returns to the present, after Joel and
Clementine have met aboard the train. The film revolves around
Marty (Enzo Marcos) an amateur comic-book artist who sees the
world around him as a vivid picture book and also sees most
people he dislikes or indifferent to as monsters. The film
revolves around four friends and their relationships with women.
The film revolves around, Norman, a world-weary manager of a pier
theatre in a seaside resort. The film stars Cristina (Denise
Fraga), who uses a dating agency to find Paulo. The film stars
William Powell as Arthur Peabody, who is undergoing a midlife
crisis as he approaches his 50th birthday. The film starts as
Bakey drives the truck through customs in France, while Alfie has
sex with an English hitchhiker (Vicki Michelle) in the back until
the customs' officer catches her topless. The film starts in
1963, with liberal-minded Lydia, and her 14-year-old son Sam. The
film starts in a rundown office with a marriage counselor
(Candace Coke) counseling a young married couple, Bradley (Zach
Sale) and Lisa (Andrea Moore). The film starts when Jack and
Sally arrive at Gabe and Judy's apartment and announce their
separation. The film starts with con-artist Chuck Reardon (Bing
Crosby) as a side-show caller at a circus advertising an act
featuring his friend Hubert "Fearless" Frazier (Bob Hope), as a
human cannonball, with 'Fearless' quickly substituting a dummy at
the last minute and hiding in a secret compartment. The film
takes place in 1953. The film tells how an infatuated school-
teacher, Sylvia Bruce, follows Bill Williams, a popular crooner,
to Hollywood where he is to make a picture. The film tells the
love story of a male engineering college student, Gyeon-woo, and
"the Girl" (who is never named in the movie). The film tells the
story of Angie Rossini (Natalie Wood), a salesclerk at Macy's
department store who finds herself pregnant after a one-night
stand with musician Rocky Papasano (Steve McQueen). The film
tells the story of a footman, Richard, played by Michael Wilding,
who is employed by Joshua Howard (Tom Walls), an eccentric art
collector. The film tells the story of a young servant girl
(Marlene Dietrich) who works at Hotel Imperial. The film then
follows both teenagers and their friends through their various
personal experiences and adventures during the summer. The film
then proceeds to the house of Lady Julia Standish (June Collyer)
on whom Kitty is paying a call. The film then proceeds to the
next day and we see Kitty being tended to by her maid while
chatting with her hairdresser about her three lovers. The film
then progresses to the city of Bath, where the inhabitants sing
an amusing song about their daily lives, and the proceeds to a
dance which Kitty is attending. The film then returns to the
courtroom, where Casey gives testimony that just because two
parents no longer love each other, that does not give them the
right to ignore their children. The film then returns to the
party, where Brendan and Terry get into an argument over Leo and
take it outside, where Brendan punches Terry on the nose, who
crumples. The film then shows how the couples react to the news:
In the end, all but Couple #4 get remarried. The film then tells
the 'love stories' of many people: With the help of his longtime
manager Joe (Gregor Fisher), rock and roll legend Billy Mack
(Bill Nighy) records a Christmas variation of The Troggs' classic
hit "Love Is All Around". The film was directed by Norman Taurog
and also stars Edward Everett Horton, Helen Twelvetrees, and Baby
LeRoy (in his film debut, as the baby). The film was shot
digitally using the Red Dragon camera. The film's central story
concerns a father, Lalit Verma (Naseeruddin Shah), who is trying
to organize an enormous, chaotic, and expensive wedding for his
daughter, Aditi (Vasundhara Das), for whom he has arranged a
marriage with a man, Hemant Rai (Parvin Dabas), she has known for
only a few weeks. The film's events take place around the Allston
neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. The film's final scene
shows Joy back at home with her parents. The film's final scene
shows a very pregnant Lynn living in a suburban house with her
new husband. The film's final shot reveals that Holly is married
to Mickey and that she is pregnant. The film's narrative catches
up to the time of the opening scene. The film's poster was
designed by Kari Kilpela. The film's subplots include Jamie's
bisexual roommate Lola and her cat actor Howard, Lola's abrasive
butch German girlfriend Andi, and Jamie's gay Asian friend David.
The film's tagline was "Happy songs. The film's third act is set
in a Rio hotel, where all the principal characters converge and
ride a merry-go-round of mistaken identities. The final act,
which returns to Grosvenor Square, resolves the many plot
complications sketched above with a decidedly happy ending. The
final line of the movie is, "What the f***". The final nail in
his coffin, it seems, is when Foster, on the last day of
arguments, plays footage of his previous night with Julia, in
which he declines to sleep with her, for what Foster believes is
his same fear and lack of courage. The final scene in the movie
shows the Hot Chili Steppers and Karin outside of Izzy's house,
teaching his father how to jump Double Dutch. The final scene is
five years later. The final scene is of Julie breaking her red
bracelet she shared with her anthropology professor and her
holding hands with Shawn while he reads a book. The final scene
of the film shows Megan's parents (Mink Stole and Bud Cort)
attending a PFLAG meeting to come to terms with their daughter's
homosexuality. The final scene shifts to a year later where it is
shown that Emma is pregnant and that she and Patrick are still
very much in love. The final scene shows Hackensacker and Gerry's
sister, and the Princess and Tom's brother, getting married. The
final scene shows Jack and Betsy getting married in a small Las
Vegas chapel with the Flying Elvises as guests, Jack still in his
white illuminated jumpsuit and Betsy in her stolen showgirl
outfit. The final scene shows Joe and Sara at Joe's vineyard,
where they taste-test a bottle of Joe's first vintage before
going inside to have sex. The final scene shows an elderly
vagrant, whom Bulworth met previously, standing alone outside a
hospital. The final shot (seen behind the end credits) is of
Sheriff Taylor and Deputy Fife folding up an American flag at the
end of the day on Mayberry's Main Street. The final shot of the
film shows Craig moving out of his family's mansion, passing on
all of his old family memorabilia to his loyal butler, and
leaving behind his old self once and for all - on the way to a
new and exciting future. The final straw comes when his parents,
King Jaffe and Queen Aeoleon, present him with an arranged bride-
to-be named Imani Izzi, whom he has never met and who has been
trained to obey Akeem's every command. The fire spreads, setting
off the rifle ammunition while Shaun, Liz and Ed flee into the
cellar and contemplate suicide. The firemen (the Stooges) arrive
to extinguish the blaze — with the unexpected help of one of Old
Man Schmidt's inventions — and at last Louise and Carlson are a
couple. The firms manager, Hendrick 'Hank' Courtney Jr. The first
character in which bump is Little Red Riding Hood. The first day
of school has arrived and the T-Birds and the Pink Ladies dance
and sing as they enter the high school ("Back to School Again").
The first few are turned away due to their looks or their gender
preference. The first ghost is the "Ghost of Girlfriends Past" in
the form of Allison Vandermeersh (Emma Stone), one of his high
school girlfriends and his first lover. The first half consists
of a romantic comedy storyline involving an aerialist, played by
Gene Kelly, who is drafted into the US Army but really wants to
join the air force. The first is a prostitute (Felicia Pearson)
who, shockingly, reawakens--only after he has discovered that her
blood is HIV-positive. The first is an action movie—The
Demolition Terminator—which switches gender roles, symbolically
having the Girl save her helpless lover (Gyeon-woo). The first is
as a pilot of aS. The first is in 1919, when 12-year-old George
saves his younger brother Harry, who falls through the ice on a
frozen pond, from drowning; George loses his hearing in one ear
as a result. The first night when the guys are at a college bar,
Erik meets a college girl named Brandi (Candace Kroslak) who has
a fetish for virgin boys, prompting Ryan and Cooze to make a bet
with each other that Erik won't sleep with Brandi and will remain
a virgin. The first nineteen years of her life she had been
confined at home by her mother. The first out of five is called
The Best Friends because the characters, Matt and Kristen, decide
to become friends with benefits. The first part of the novel is
set in Florence, Italy, and describes a young English woman's
first visit to Florence, at a time when upper middle class
English women were starting to lead independent, adventurous
lives. The first scene begins with a young couple awakening in
bed, after a one-night stand. The first time I lay eyes on you
again, I'll pinch you. The first to be shot is Daljit, who tries
to get out of cover and establish that they are not terrorists.
The first wedding is that of Angus and Laura, at which Charles is
the best man. The fish swim upstream and everyone celebrates the
success of the project. The five couples in the film are (1)
Gerald and his French mistress Elizabeth, or "Liz" (Demick), (2)
Prudence and her doctor, dr Alan Hewitt (Michell), (3) the
Hardcastles's maid Rose (Turner) and their chauffeur Ted
(Armstrong), (4) Gerald's brother Henry (Coote) and his wife
Grace (Redman), and (5) Henry and Grace's daughter Geraldine
(Geeson) and her boyfriend Tony Bates (Dundas). The five share a
drink, and they convince Diana to join them at The Aria. The five
then start scheming to out Jacob (Scott Vickaryous), the closeted
leader of the ex-gay ministry, to his mother by tricking him to
have sex with Octavio, another member of the ministry, in a
portable toilet on wheels. The flaming dummy sets the big tent on
fire and everyone into a panic and the two of them flee. The
flashbacks end here on the day of Brett and Jackie's wedding. The
flashing lights of the police cars appear and Larry surrenders
but instead of cops, a tow truck driver named Duncan enters (the
police car lights now tow truck lights). The fling remains a
secret between Hlynur and Lola. The flip comes here: the more
angry Juli is and the more she ignores him, the more Bryce
notices and likes Juli, especially after he finds an old article
about Juli's protest for her tree from elementary school. The
following Monday, pressed by Rhiannon, Olive lies about losing
her virginity to a college guy. The following day Genevieve tells
her that there is a rumour that Peter and Lara Jean had sex in
the hot tub and that Peter did nothing to deny it. The following
day Muriel's mother writes a blank check to cash intending for
the money to let Muriel buy into the scheme. The following day at
the self-help group, Gregory accuses Donald of exploiting his
position for sexual favors. The following day she returns, but is
told they are out of ramen. The following day the fish are
released from their holding tanks. The following day, Claire
insists that Charlie apologize to Sophie at breakfast, which he
does. The following day, Elsie overhears a conversation
concerning the young Nicolas' plotting with the German embassy to
overthrow his father. The following day, Gavin finds himself
humiliated at his job, harassed, and told off by an angry
Patricia; to make matters worst, he is then struck and gravely
injured by an oncoming truck. The following day, Jack and Joan
are married by Al-Julhara. The following day, Maggie visits the
office to inform Paul that she will return to New York with Fran
and Susie. The following day, Martha meets struggling actor
Frank, who has fled an audition in a panic and has gone to the
park to console himself with a half-bottle of whiskey. The
following day, Miles calls a call girl named Jackie on Joel's
behalf. The following day, Nat and her work-colleagues make fun
of their new client, Guy Harrap (Simon Baker), the new owner of a
bleach company. The following day, Nell (in Woody's body) arrives
at school wearing "Chinos and an Oxford cotton button-down"
making Woody's appearance look "dorky" which frustrates Woody,
and he is even more frustrated after he hears about how Nell (in
Woody's body) failed Woody's football practice the previous day.
The following day, Nell tells her mother that she is taking a
year's sabbatical before attending Yale, and hops into Woody's
car as they drive off together. The following day, Patrick comes
to Emma's workplace to give her the annulment papers as she is
leaving for a wedding cake tasting. The following day, Rodney and
his crony, Hooks, gang up on Izzy at school, but are quickly
called off thanks to a passing teacher, who puts them in
detention. The following day, Woody tries to talk to Nell, but is
stopped by her mother, who sees Woody's family as uneducated. The
following day, rumors are being spread around school by Nicky
about his night with Nell. The following day, the kids are
sailing the ocean on a catamaran. The following day, they start
arguing again at George's brother's wedding. The following days
she enjoys the attention she is receiving from Terence, Jeremy
and Matthew, but rejects them all. The following is a list of
musicals referenced or featured in the film (in the order of
which they are presented in the film): Barbra Streisand and
Debbie Reynolds were mentioned several times before Reynolds
herself appeared and performed with Connie and Carla. The
following is the plot of the 1942 re-release:  Big Jim, a gold
prospector during the Klondike Gold Rush, has just found an
enormous gold deposit on his parcel of land when a blizzard
strikes. The following morning Harvey attends the wedding and
then leaves immediately for the airport, having been excluded
again and seated at the back of the church instead of the front
in his true place next to his daughter. The following morning Jim
is shocked to find that the car is parked outside his house and
that Thorndyke is pressing charges for grand theft. The following
morning Lauren and Daniel leave the hotel early to visit places
associated with Romeo and Juliet. The following morning is their
last day of searching for Lorenzo. The following morning, Charity
is escorted from the room by a mortified Vittorio. The following
morning, Dwight gets jumped by the midget fraternity in disguise
while walking down the street, landing him in the hospital. The
following morning, Emma finds all the papers related to her and
Sophia in the trash. The following morning, Kay is delivered
breakfast by Rene and begs him to leave. The following morning,
Lily vainly tries to comfort a hung-over Lauren. The following
morning, Mr Collins proposes to Elizabeth. The following morning,
Mr Darcy gives Elizabeth a letter that explains that his
treatment of Mr Wickham was caused by the fact that Mr Wickham
refused the Living and was compensated economically, but then
proceeded to waste all the money and then, impoverished, demanded
the Living again with threats. The following morning, Teglash
awakens to find the knife still in the pig and the clock ticking.
The following morning, married lawyers Adam and Amanda Bonner
(Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn) read about the incident in
the newspaper. The following morning, they quickly learn over
breakfast that they have little in common and go their separate
ways, which leaves Ben visibly upset. The following morning, when
she awakens in Ben's bed, she incorrectly assumes their night of
revelry ended with the two having sex together. The following
night, mr Thompson comes over for dinner. The footage shows Gwen
as self-centered, conniving and manipulative; Eddie is seen as a
decent man who becomes paranoid as he begins to suspect that his
wife is having an affair. The former communist Peter enters,
having won money in a raffle, and proclaims that he is to travel
the world and not share his money to which the gang is upset
(Imagine Reprise). The formula wears off at inopportune times,
often to Kelp's humiliation. The fortune teller predicts as
Neptune is in her sign at the moment she could find herself
walking down a street and taking an unexpected turn where things
would change. The four break in and recover Steinmetz's
belongings, piling them all into "No. The four couples prepare
for their next marriage retreat in the Bahamas. The four divas
set out to Goa, and start their trap. The four friends change
partners at a party, where Brooke and Michael step outside behind
Kitty and Johnny. The four friends get together to provide
support, listen to each other vent about life and love, and have
fun, as they go through life's trials and tribulations. The four
generations of Coopers are arriving at the house, along with Joe,
Ruby and Hank's ex-wife Angie. The four managers (Ray Walston,
David Lewis, Willard Waterman, and David White) write glowing
reports about Bud, who hopes for a promotion from the personnel
director, Jeff Sheldrake (Fred MacMurray). The four meet for
dinner, and spend the evening playing pool. The four of them
attend Anthony and Stanford's wedding, where Carrie serves as
"best man". The four of them decide to make a pact to have sex by
the end of the summer. The four of them head to a nearby cabin.
The four quarrel with each other until Lysander and Demetrius
become so enraged that they seek a place to duel to prove whose
love for Helena is the greater. The four scientists then decide
to try their "luck" at the Pasadena racetrack. The four women
find their style and Western attitudes contrast with Muslim
customs. The foursome do the town, accompanied by Brooke's
companion Elizabeth, who throws herself at Michael's butler and
chauffeur Rodney James. The fourth wedding is ten months later.
The frame freezes as she and James stare at one another, each
surprised by her response. The framed photograph of Sybil is on
the wall next to the tree and Amy is wearing her ring. The
friends are Daniel Vargas (Seymour Cassel) and his wife Lois
Vargas (Theresa Russell). The friends emerge from their own
problems and pledge their assistance to Peter, and the weekend
ends on a more upbeat note. The friends, undaunted, try to
reunite Darren with his "one and only", Sandy Perkus, when she
returns to Seattle to take her final vows as a nun. The
friendship is soon to become more, as Brendan appears
unexpectedly late one night at Leo's door and sleeps with him;
after which they become something of a couple, to the
consternation of one man in their men's group, though it
encourages another, Terry (Con O'Neill), to explore his
sexuality. The frog prince also has a loyal servant named Henry
(or Harry) who had three iron bands affixed around his heart to
prevent it from breaking in his sadness over his master's curse,
but when the prince was reverted to his human form Henry's
overwhelming happiness caused all three bands to break, freeing
his heart from its bonds. The frustrated marine biologist
announces he is leaving town and that everyone in Washington
seems to have a "Mary Peppertree fixation". The fun loving
Clarice goes out for a night on the town for their Mardi Gras as
sensible conservative Paula and Godfather Burton Williams remain
home and prepare for their journey. The future João, watching the
scene, disappears. The gambler also has a taxi driver friend,
Mahi Mahi (Pat Morita), and asks him to keep Jack as far as
possible from him and Betsy. The game does not go well for Dodge,
including how muddy the field is. The game goes well for the A's
until the last inning when Ryan gives up a grand slam, allowing
the other team to take the lead and win the game. The gang
ambushes the kidnappers and rescue Tommy. The gang arrives at
Treece's father's cabin where they all share a drink. The gang
begins a conversation about things being tame with Judge
suggesting to Gidget that she should try water skiing (which at
the time was really risky). The gang has come up with a scheme of
contacting each other involving want ads and dogs as code names.
The gang leaves following the radio for news of a cross atlantic
flight and Deloris tells Gus that she will come work on the farm
to be with him. The gang lives free in an empty aircraft factory
because Jimmy is the night watchman. The gang re-enters and
listen to the radio. The gang responds immediately out of deeply
rooted loyalty for their friend, but are too late and find him
severely beaten in a warehouse, where Butch and Mike have left
him. The geeky Sherman (Chris Owen) gives up on getting anyone
after he is turned down by the experienced and sharp-tongued
Jessica (Natasha Lyonne), but the rejected Nadia, who wanted Jim
because he was a geek, is turned on by his "Sherminator" gimmick,
and they end up in bed together. The general arranges for her to
be taken off to Mexico against her will. The general testifies
that the Army knew that Yvette was a spy. The ginger cat in the
meantime suffocates and puffs out all the air he held in,
launching himself into the Hall d'Armour. The ginger cat pumps
himself with air in an attempt to hold his breath while he
confronts Pepé. The girl does not have the courage to reveal it
to Raf, who believes instead that she loves him to death. The
girl goes along with it, first out of revenge as he snubbed her
during a past encounter, then out of feelings of her own. The
girl in the essay asks the protagonist if he loves her, but for
the first time he realizes that those are not just words and he
cannot sleep with her. The girl wants to stay in Paris and get a
job as domestic worker to take care of mrs Jeanne, mother of
Philippe, who inherited the family heirloom. The girl's father
knows and disapproves of the Boy's indolence, and demands that he
first get a job to prove that he can do something. The girl's
father, cornered, sells the house to two unscrupulous
entrepreneurs who want to build there a polluting industry. The
girls decide to get to the root of the scandal. The girls each
have second thoughts about leaving and return to confront Tomás
directly. The girls happily accept, although Carrie is worried
about the separation from Big and Charlotte is worried about
leaving her husband alone with the nanny. The girls however, are
tempted to listen to their advisors as they all agree to sell the
company to Fabiella and gives them 30 days to make the deal
official. The girls spot her while panicking about what to do
with Tomas and think she is "theA. The girls take a fancy to the
brothers as well. The girls then proceed to tell a scary story to
get the boys entranced then floor it. The girls try another plan
to embarrass John Tucker at a hotel on the night of the away
game. The girls' initial attempts to undo John (making people
believe he has genital herpes and with Heather undermining his
confidence by pranking him with estrogen, causing him to become
weak and say strange things about himself) initially work in
humiliating John, but eventually backfire as John manages to use
them to his advantage. The girls' suitors from the town finally
go too far when they attack Adam, provoking Gideon into fighting
back. The girls, however, have all found their inner strengths
and choose to leave him instead. The glum Doc and Christy get
drunk together in the hotel bar, where one of Peter's Sunshine
Man broadcasts makes Doc want to make him "eat his words". The
goings-on are observed by George, Margaret's neighbour and best
friend, who breaks the fourth wall to comment on proceedings. The
gondolier takes them within sight of the bridge but refuses to go
further just as sunset arrives. The government proclaims that the
crash was caused by pilot error and closes the investigation. The
government readily agrees, and when Mary calls the President with
the good news, David interrupts her conversation with a kiss,
causing both of them to hiccup. The grandparents force Sam to
take him along to her school's senior dance that night and, to
Sam's amazement, it takes "The Donger" only five minutes to find
an unlikely girlfriend&mdash;the tall, large-breasted jock,
Marlene (Deborah Pollack), nicknamed "Lumberjack". The groomsmen
kidnap Doug to his outrageous bachelor party. The group abandon
the vehicle and continue on foot. The group arrives at the Moulin
Rouge as Zidler and his "Diamond Dog Dancers" perform for the
audience ("Zidler's Rap Medley"). The group briefly hitchhikes in
a milk truck before being chased off by the driver. The group
debates what to do. The group escapes in Beth's original car
which Kevin used to drive down to the high school from the party.
The group eventually reach King's camp, where they discover that
King (Will Arnett) is readying himself for a "real" miracle – to
separate his soul from his body. The group goes to Arusha to
celebrate the end of the season, but Dallas declines. The group
heads back to the high school where Beth, Cammy, and Treece show
off their cheer leading act. The group is being pursued by two
bumbling cops. The group is forced to cooperate, although Doris
remains indignant and infuriated. The group is joined by the
quiet and confident Russell Bell (Billy Bob Thornton), a veteran
of TRACONs in the Western United States. The group later realise
Diaz's plan: to implant all of the world leaders, who are all in
London for a G7 summit at Buckingham Palace, effectively giving
him control of the world. The group rehearses for the musical, a
scene about their prom night ("A Night to Remember"). The group
resolves to help Andy lose his virginity. The group returns to
the compound after celebrating the Indian's survival. The group
shoots the film after hours. The group soon find themselves lost
and decide to bed down for the night. The group starts to fall
apart, which sparks a fight. The group stays with the camp longer
than intended, and Zia begins to obsess over the miracles and his
inability to perform them. The group tails Hathaway to a nearby
Air Force base. The group then heads to Valli Wooly's (the
shallow rich party girl) party. The group's two days together are
tested by "unwitting racism and sexual frankness", with no one
left unscathed. The group, reveling in their success, greet an
arriving Lazlo accompanied by Sherry, riding in a motor home
pulling a trailer full of prizes he won in a sweepstakes. The
guards and police rush in and check the museum, but upon finding
that nothing is missing, they soon leave and reset the alarm. The
guests spend the days leading up to the dual wedding at the
earl's country estate, affording Reggie the opportunity to
successfully play matchmaker for the rest of the women on his
list. The guys are now proud of Erik for officially living up to
the Stifler family name, and the three friends finally drive back
to East Great Falls. The guys blame Cedric for getting them into
this mess. The guys drag a screaming Abby into the ocean and
place her on top of Gidget's surfboard. The guys hire Ray to
seduce Eva and convince her to move away with him so they can
finally be free of her meddling. The guys reluctantly accept, and
Dodie goes off with her new betrothed. The guys say their
goodbyes to Dean and Lonnie and finally decide to crack open the
old bottle of scotch for a final toast. The guys take Jean, whom
Jimmy dubs the "Admiral", under their wing, showing her how to
save money. The guys then ask Erik if he "sealed the deal" with
Brandi that night, and Erik tells them no, prompting Ryan and
Cooze to pay up on their bet, until Erik tells them about his
adventure back home to make up to Tracy and finally lose his
virginity. The guys watch in amazement as Gidget shows off her
surfing moves, prompting Eddie to ask her for surfing lessons.
The half-dressed Peter, baffled by the mysterious woman's
appearance and with his living room cluttered by his luggage,
carries her to his bed. The happy couple breaks up, to the
detriment of Darryl's game and his pursuit of one of baseball's
greatest feats. The happy couple escape pursuing police and
reporters by jumping aboard a train carrying their Mexican
friends. The happy couple finally get married, only for Pascal
and Maximus to accidentally lose the wedding cake. The head of
the group is Sean Mercer (John Wayne); the others are safari
veteran Little Wolf a/k/a "the Indian" (Bruce Cabot); drivers
"Pockets" (Red Buttons), a former Brooklyn taxi driver, and Kurt
(Hardy Krüger), a German auto racing driver; roper Luis (Valentin
de Vargas), a former Mexican bullfighter, and Brandy (Michele
Girardon), a young woman whose late father was a member of the
group; she grew up there and owns the business. The head of the
institution, who is obsessed with the Wild West, agrees to
provide them with accommodation and to supply a new tent, and the
inmates sew one out of American flags. The highlight of her
career given a command performance for her homeland's ruler,
Prince Nicholaus of Aregon. The hit man attacks them, and Stephen
takes a bullet for Bloom and collapses on the floor. The
hopelessness of this dream makes her lash out at Ely's
promiscuity to which he claims is just her sexual frustration
projecting as she is still a virgin. The hostess dancers
proposition the audience in the front room of the Fandango
Ballroom ("Big Spender"). The hotel has many rules and rituals:
masturbation is banned, but sexual stimulation by the hotel maid
is mandatory, and guests attend dances and watch propaganda
extolling advantages of partnership. The hotel hosts a conference
for "Friends of Italian Opera", which is in fact a front for a
major meeting of various branches of La Cosa Nostra. The hotel is
also the location of an international conference, where leaders
have come together to resolve tensions and problems that threaten
the survival of the world. The hotel maid is found to be a mole
for the loners, planted in the hotel to sabotage it. The hotel
manager reveals that single people have 45 days to find a
partner, or they will be transformed into an animal; the dog
accompanying him is his brother. The house is for sale by Sheila
Lane (Leona Maricle), the wife of George Lane, a wealthy banker.
The house is now occupied by the Valcos, who wonder what Drew is
doing on their front lawn. The household gathers around the
fireplace to listen to the children sing Christmas carols. The
household is alarmed when Felix claims that the baby has
swallowed his watch. The housekeeper mrs Tubbs (Una O'Connor)
meets Amy and reveals to her that Tillie went ill right before
she was off to America to look for the man she married during the
war. The humiliated Dean fires Sherman, who learns that his
brain's deterioration has worsened from Jason. The humiliation
competition continues when Woody (in Nell's body) drives off with
a biker boy, Nicky (Brandon Carrera), and makes Nell (in Woody's
body) think she is going to lose her virginity. The hurried
doctor tells him to list all of his grievances and then burn them
at his childhood home. The husband and the three women all leave.
The ice splits, leaving Sal and Chester on one side, and Duke on
the side of the mob. The idea comes about when Andie's friend,
Michelle (Kathryn Hahn), experiences a minor breakdown after yet
another break-up. The idea is for Sherman to suck the genetic
material back into his body through a straw, thus putting his DNA
back together and returning him to normal. The identifying item:
The glass slipper is unique to Charles Perrault's version and its
derivatives; in other versions of the tale it may be made of
other materials (in the version recorded by the Brothers Grimm,
German: Aschenbroedel and Aschenputtel, for instance, it is gold)
and in still other tellings, it is not a slipper but an anklet, a
ring, or a bracelet that gives the prince the key to Cinderella's
identity. The incantations fail at first, but Chucky suddenly
springs to life and kills Tiffany's Goth admirer Damien as
Tiffany looks on with excitement. The increasingly arrogant Petey
ignores his own date, Martha Scroggs, dancing with other girls
instead. The industrial laundry business soon is working in
optimum efficiency which makes his brother trust him more, to the
point of having him take over the family telecom stake in China.
The inevitable bust-up with competing suitor Paul leaves Rupert
with right arm in plaster and unable to play. The infamous
vampire Count Dracula is expelled from his castle by the
Communist government of Romania, which plans to convert the
structure into a training facility for gymnasts (the head trainer
declares that it will include Nadia Comăneci). The infant's
arrival also symbolically coincides neatly with Hlynur's
homecoming to the world outside his bedroom and a newfound
contentedness. The information restores Maerose to good graces
somewhat with her father and the don. The inhabitants all pitch
in to build a civic center on the land, and Rip and Mary become a
couple. The inhabitants are not happy with this disruption of
their way of life, and hamper construction as much as they can.
The inhabitants of the farm — Aunt Ada Doom, the Starkadders, and
their extended family and workers — feel obliged to take her in
to atone for an unspecified wrong once done to her father. The
initial meeting of Joy with the President, a dictator named Boris
Pochenko (Timothy Dalton), gets off on the wrong foot, but Joy
gets along well with his four children Yuri, Katrina (Lisa
Jakub), Karl (Adam LaVorgna), and Masha (Heather DeLoach). The
inspector, a client of the prostitutes himself, fires Nestor, who
is accidentally framed for bribery. The institute would need
another $20,000 to afford Pecke's services. The international
incident is narrowly averted by having them get married. The
intertitles for the film are excerpts from Bab's diary which
added to its amusement. The interview is plagued by
interruptions, and Rutherford is unimpressed by Joel's resume.
The interview receives huge ratings. The investigator contacts
the police, telling them that Chucky is responsible for the
murders and sends the couple on their way. The investigators call
her mrs Crawford and listen to her explain why she committed
murder on her wedding day. The island sinks, but Joe and Patricia
land near their trusty steamer trunks. The jets destroy part of
the bridge to cut off the trucks' escape route, and Harry rescues
Helen from Juno's limo before it careens into the ocean below.
The jilted Captain Barton generously arranges for Curtis' release
for his honeymoon; the film ends with Swiv and Blain's inept
attempt to break into the guardhouse to free Curtis. The journal
soon attracts the attention of book publishers and Lance lands a
television appearance on a nationally broadcast talk show. The
journeys of four groups of late teens/early twenty-somethings
unfold through four different storylines, their separate trails
converging at an explosive house party. The judge (Dennis Miller)
declares that the couple cannot divorce until they attempt to co-
exist for six months, while attending weekly sessions with a
marriage counselor (Queen Latifah). The judge (Oscar Apfel) says
she is 19 and asks about Novak, who explains the situation is
innocent. The judge alleviates her fears by letting her know that
he inadvertently found out about the agency and discovered that
the entire mail-order business was run by confidence men who
tricked unsuspecting customers into paying more than the
advertised price for the suit. The judge decides that they will
split the remaining 14 million dollars (after taxes, bills Joy
ran up, and money Jack spent on his new woodworking business).
The judge dismisses the divorce due to the appearance of Judy's
unfaithfulness. The judge has to appear in court against a law
firm that is disputing payments from a trust fund that supports
the orphanage. The judge promises to sort things out if Andy will
help him by befriending Melodie Nesbit, a teenager at the center
of a custody battle between her mother Olivia and her father
Roderick. The judge returns on Christmas morning, but the
ceremony is postponed a second time when a different neighbor's
baby is presented instead of the one from the day before. The
judge says Sylvia must give up Frank to an institution until she
is married. The judges agree and open the doors on Julia’s tram,
allowing Daniel in, reuniting him with Julia, and allowing them
to move on to the next phase of existence together. The kids hold
the pair, who had been planning to leave town with the lottery
money which actually belongs to Manning, who was afraid of being
seen. The kids stay with her loud parents (drunken father James
Barton, a fisherman, and disapproving mother Connie Gilchrist).
The kids' plans for a peaceful celebration of Donovan's birthday
on December 7 are shattered by the arrival of Gilhooley, who
shares the same birthday. The killer indeed turns up, in
disguise, putting Dal and Donna in grave danger. The killer put a
deadly black widow spider inside a gelatin capsule, secretly
attached it to the victim's body, and waited for the gelatin to
melt from body heat, releasing the spider. The king immediately
dismisses the boy's nanny (Edythe Chapman) without telling the
youngster to avoid an emotional farewell. The king is Richard
Norvik, a former class geek turned billionaire inventor. The king
mourns her, but in time, he remarries because of the pleading of
his people. The ladies gives Tish a makeover and Mya giving her a
black suit (complete with a montage) to undo her frumpy housewife
look to a more alluring style. The ladies leave them to go see
Dionne Warwick together, so they can leave to have fun. The last
is a wuxia/samurai movie spoof full of genre clichés and
anachronisms. The last meeting for them is a wistful coda on New
York's Upper West Side, when they have both moved on to someone
new. The last part is witnessed by Sally. The last scene of the
film reveals that Jake's voice-over was the new father reading
his novel entitled She's Having a Baby to his wife and son. The
last scene shows Dracula and Cindy, transformed into bats, on
their way to Jamaica. The last scene shows Steven laughing
joyfully while running across the prison yard, guards in pursuit,
in another attempt to be with Phillip. The last scene shows them
together shopping in a supermarket some months later, after their
release from the clinic. The last scene takes place during
Charlotte's graduation ceremony where Will and Sa5m are confirmed
as dating. The last scenes finally reveal that both of the
original fiancés have identical twins. The last shot of the film
shows Frankie sitting at the counter of a diner where Maggie once
took him. The last straw for Lu comes when she learns they have a
chance to put a down payment on a new house, except Sam has lent
their nest egg to the Adamses. The latest film Cecilia sees is a
fictitious RKO Radio Pictures film, The Purple Rose of Cairo. The
latter two masquerade asJ. The latter was a serial dater, always
on the lookout for a potential husband. The laughter from inside
the hut between Susan and Mario is misinterpreted by Henry and
her husband as being romantic in nature, arousing jealousy from
both men. The lead singers are Royce (Simon Curtis), who used to
be the lead singer for Spectacular. The leader of the ex-gay
group, Brother Daniel, announces plans to protest for the closing
of Hope House. The legend of "Claire of New Orleans" is born
after two fishermen find a wedding dress floating around on the
Mississippi River one day. The legend tells that the Countess
Claire Ledux disappeared on her wedding day in the year of 1840,
and when the dress was found, the people of New Orleans assumed
that the bride had committed suicide by throwing herself into the
river. The legendary American movie star and sex symbol Marlo
Manners (Mae West) is in London, England, where she has just
married for the sixth time. The lesbian bird and the boozer bird.
The lesbian. The life of Nick Keller (Til Schweiger) can hardly
be called well sorted. The lighter comic triangle plot concerns a
return visit to attend the big football game by Joe Ferguson
(Jack Carson), a former football hero and onetime love interest
of Turner's wife Ellen (Olivia de Havilland). The loan sharks
attempt a variety of dirty tricks against the gringos. The locket
was given to Alec by a concentration camp prisoner named Benoit
during the war. The logo sparks controversy with her tween
fanbase. The loss causes him to be demoted from his starting
position to the bullpen in a relief position. The loveless
marriage was mainly an attempt by Lindsay to outdo her older
sister Becca by getting married first and having more material
goods. The lovers decide that the night's events must have been a
dream. The lovers embrace in the water and kiss. The magic he
performs is often minor - re-directing croquet balls, making
cards appear in closed purses - it is always genuine; he actually
does the impossible. The maid forwards the message, asking Claire
to meet with Charles in the park. The main cast of characters
are: Shortly after Piper begins her job, she sees 8 year-old
Julia with her father Noah at the beach. The main cast performs
the song, "High School Musical", before jumping and bowing when
the curtain falls. The main couple, Tereza and Šimon, struggles
to enjoy the free spirit of the times in spite of the turbulent
political circumstances. The main plot is a romantic comedy
between Jamie's male alter-ego, "Male Jamie," and Jill, a
heterosexual woman on set. The main setting for most episodes is
the Stephens' house at 1164 Morning Glory Circle, in an upper-
middle-class suburban neighborhood, either in Westport,
Connecticut or Patterson, New York as indicated by conflicting
information presented throughout the series. The majority of the
film is an extended flashback. The man (Dwayne Johnson) tells her
that her books have helped in his grieving process (divorce) and
invites her to have coffee. The man explains that he is Toby
Moreland, the man her uncle wanted her to meet. The man explains
that he studies phonetics and can identify anyone's origin by
their accent. The man in black accepts the challenge and chokes
Fezzik until the giant blacks out. The man in black wins the
duel, but out of respect, he leaves the Spaniard alive. The man
leaves to identify his car. The man still accepts the message
from Curt to see what he could do. The man whom she meets, by
coincidence, is Sheldrake, who convinces her that he is about to
divorce his wife for her. The manager informs her that she is
overselling hats, which creates too many returns and too much
work for the accounting department. The manager, Herman, arrives
to tell them it is time for work. The mangled body is assumed to
be Sullivan's, and his staff and the Girl are informed of his
death. The map and mine belonged to a man named Van Hoyden and
the dying man tells Sal (Van Hoyden's daughter) the mine is in
Alaska and to find a man named Ace Larson. The margin of victory
is greater than Coles' shares and thus he does not receive the
full amount he betrayed Jorgy to get. The marriage counselor
(revealed to be an older Judith) then goes to the pharmacy to get
her medicine from Brice. The marriage counselor can tell that she
has met someone else and decides to tell her a story about her
sister, Judith. The marriage counselor tells her that Judith
contracted HIV as well, but not Brice. The marriage falls apart
when Lindsay returns to taking drugs and drinking, and cheats
with another man. The marriage is reported in the newspapers. The
marriage of Les and Katie Bingham is in big trouble. The
marriage, he explains to his friends, will last for just long
enough to convince the judge that Susan has made good. The
massive dog is chained to the wall, but several lunges at Scamp
helps him to break free. The match ends in a draw; Carnera
retains his title. The match had been engineered primarily by the
socially-ambitious mrs Trent (Cecil Cunningham). The matter is
complicated when she learns that she became pregnant that night
as well. The maturity he shows in doing this brings them closer.
The mayor explains there never was a helicopter, and he wants
only to clean up loose ends. The mayor finally decides to
establish more of a father-son relationship with Kiko, while
Jackie has decided not to go to New York but to help her mother
in her charitable works. The meal is an uneasy affair, with
Connie's former in-laws (Esther Dale and Griff Barnett) watching
the two rivals for her affections. The meeting does not go in
Jonah's favour and the couple declines Jonah's offer. The meeting
evolves into a date and finally a passionate kiss, but
unfortunately Dan's entire family arrives to bowl. The meeting
goes badly at first, but she accepts him after he explains who he
is and why he is on Earth. The meeting goes well until Katharine
storms in, accusing Tess, a mere secretary, of having stolen her
idea. The members of the Zeta house are dowdy, socially awkward,
and caught off guard by Shelley's bubbly nature, prompting them
to initially reject her. The members of the group cut off their
own tongues in support of the girl. The men and the women
separate to talk about the good and bad about their marriages.
The men and women separate to enjoy their day. The men are
accompanied by their wives, and in the Newmans' case, three
obnoxious children. The men are under pressure to get an
advertising campaign ready for a new client, an oddball condom
manufacturer. The men come across the staff lounge where they
find Sctanley playing Guitar Hero. The men include: The scene
shifts back to the sexist man whose claims of Christina's
lesbianism causes an entire crowd of women to attack him with
baseball bats and the movie moves along, introducing Christina
Walters, a successful interior designer and Courtney Rockcliffe
(Christina Applegate) who is a divorce lawyer as they console
their friend and roommate Jane (Selma Blair), who had recently
broken up with her boyfriend Kevin, by taking her out to a dance
club and cancel their plans to stay in for pizza. The men who run
Banner House refuse to support the book. The mentally unstable
admiral decides that "The first dead man on Omaha Beach must be a
sailor". The metal orb meanwhile slips out of Dave's hand and
rolls into the ocean. The middle sister Jane (Deanna Durbin), the
"nice girl", makes her entry singing the song "Perhaps" to the
rabbits she takes care of. The midnight curfew is also absent in
many versions; Cinderella leaves the ball to get home before her
stepmother and stepsisters, or she is simply tired. The milk is
going bad. The minister is reported to have been killed by
terrorists and is hailed as a martyr by the media. The mirror
responds truthfully to the desperate Prince's pleas, and the
Prince sets off on his journey. The mission is successful, with
the files that Ed was suspected of stealing being returned to
Dana the following day by Smokey. The modus operandi of a recent
series of robberies leads the police to believe that Robie is
active again; they attempt to arrest him, but he gives them the
slip. The moment that their parents found them and they discover
that they are not related, their feelings for each other get
stronger. The money was stolen from a bank where Larry takes the
torn $1,000 bill. The monkey belongs to river boat captain Robert
Latour. The monkey gets behind the camera to film the daring
rescue. The monkey turns out only to be dazed and joins Buster on
his venture. The more time they spend together, the more confused
Lara Jean gets as Peter acts as if he is really Lara Jean's
boyfriend. The more time they spend together, though, Taylor
realizes he doesn't want to lose Veronica after the wager is won.
The morning after Claire tells Robert that they will never see
each other again. The morning after the Coronation Ball, Elsie
irons out the differences between father and son. The morning
after the party, Jonah receives a text message from Stevie asking
him to come to her room. The morning after their arrival, Dan
meets Marie in a bookshop. The morning after their one night
stand, Caroline (Johnny's mother) catches them and gives away the
fact that Johnny is engaged to Chloe. The morning after, he
avoids her, and after a messy confrontation, leaves town. The
most consequential difference of opinion between O’Malley and
Fitzgibbon arises in their handling of the youth of the church,
many of whom are consistently getting into trouble with the law
in a gang led by Tony Scaponi (Stanley Clements). The most
important show is Marc Fontaine (Louis Jourdan) because Barclay
Ames is the only store in New York that handles Fontaine gowns,
and Maggie must keep that rapport between the two companies on
her trip. The mother, who is Gyeon-woo's aunt, tells the Girl to
go out with him, hoping that he could make life easier for her.
The motorcyclist argues heavily with the duo until all three men
are sent to the police station when the motorcyclist accidentally
hits a policewoman with his helmet. The movie begins with Donald
Foley retrieving curling stones from a lake near Long Bay,
Ontario. The movie begins with Georgia Drake (Kay Francis)
performing on the stage, singing "Gypsy Lullaby" while her
daughter, Pamela (Deanna Durbin), watches with her boyfriend
Freddie Miller (Lewis Howard). The movie begins with Kate
(Brittany Snow) discussing her mother Lori's (Jenny McCarthy)
series of bad relationships which always causes them to move to a
new town. The movie begins with Kevin sitting in an AA support
group saying he thought his relationships with women would change
after he stopped drinking. The movie begins with the Wildcats
trailing the West High Knights, with the Wildcats entering the
locker room for the final quarter feeling bitter. The movie
centers around a Jay Brooks (Montgomery), a black man who vows to
give up dating white women in favor of dating black women, only
to fall in love with a bi-racial woman. The movie closes with a
celebration song-and-dance featuring Josh, Jodie, Azalea and
Selena. The movie comes to an end on the Fourth of July, when the
Bicentennial fireworks end up symbolizing not just America's
200th birthday but Drew finally losing his virginity with
Heather. The movie concludes years later, after Wallace and
Jennifer have children, where the housekeeper enters to complain
about their youngest daughter, who enters riding a broom. The
movie culminates with a traumatic yet eventually successful labor
and Jake's realization that his lack of satisfaction and sense of
detachment are not due to external factors but his own
selfishness and immaturity. The movie ends as Brandi introduces
Jake, her new love, to her mother. The movie ends as Halley and
Macon embrace and viewers see that Scarlett gave birth to a baby
boy. The movie ends in a romantic shot of Jackie and Kiko
happily. The movie ends on Kid and Veda's marriage and Kid's
Uncle Vester finding a woman of his own. The movie ends with
Darryl entering the Smythe-Bates building on his first day, with
a familiar-looking doorman (Sherman Hemsley). The movie ends with
Fifi finding her "Puppy Chulo". The movie ends with Lucy ordering
take out in her apartment with George making jokes about the size
of the apartment. The movie ends with Nikhil and Meeta at the
airport, scheduled to travel to Germany. The movie ends with Pam
portraying st Anne, singing "Ave Maria (Schubert), as John and
Georgia watch from the audience. The movie ends with Patricia
smiling at him. The movie ends with Randy and Evie kissing and
hugging in the open motel room doorway while everyone else argues
in the background at top volume. The movie ends with Vic walking
back to his girlfriend. The movie ends with a Tamil song
"Swasame" from the movie Thenali in the background. The movie
ends with all the new couples at the beach for Zo and Trucker's
commitment ceremony to each other, at which they arrive riding
horses, naked. The movie ends with all three brothers gathering
at the family homestead with a newfound belief in love and a
desire to not let the ghosts of the past stand in their way. The
movie ends with the entire family dropping Paris off at her new
college dorm in New York. The movie ends with the happy couple in
their home, enjoying Thanksgiving dinner with the self-help
group. The movie ends with the opening of Billy's "Hollywood
Screen Kiss" series exhibition in Los Angeles, which includes his
photos of Gabriel. The movie ends with the two of them happily
sharing a dance together. The movie flashes back into the present
with aged Duke telling Sal and Chester how he escaped the mob.
The movie focuses on the struggle of Pimmi and Lalit for their
daughter's wedding, with help from Pimmi's sister Shashi and her
husband CJ. The movie follows a man's search for perfection in a
world where life rarely measures up to the idealized images that
constantly bombard us. The movie has been made the same way as
the memoirs it is trying to portray. The movie made by Jody is
well received by critics, and Jeff is also nominated for an AVN
Award for his movie. The movie opens with an animated telling of
Tomás Fuentes's (Eduardo Verástegui) life, in which he is always
surrounded by women. The movie picks up a year later when Liv and
Emma meet up for drinks, where it's revealed that Emma married
Nate. The movie picks up with Mollie (Kristie Alley) and James
(John Travolta) having sex and Mikey (voice of Bruce Willis)
getting scared. The movie plays out with an aging director
struggling to regain his vision, both literally and
metaphorically. The movie shows flashbacks of how Laida and
Miggy's relationship turned around when Laida's father cheated on
her mother and flies back to Manila. The movie spoofs Spanish
soap operas in fantasy sequences where George imagines himself
and Alicia as characters on the show. The movie then goes into an
extended flashback which explains this history. The movie was
filmed at Greentree Country Club in New Rochelle, NY and many
scenes were shot in City Island, Bronx, New York. The movie's
action is interspersed with songs from the play, including
Berlin's songs "He Ain't Got Rhythm," and "Let's Go Slumming On
Park Avenue". The movie's timeline advances five months later and
the girls have kept in touch. The mr Universe contest is
approaching fast and Santo is training hard. The murderer does
strike again, but fortunately, Brad had taken the precaution of
inoculating the jockey beforehand. The music critic at the party,
however, is impressed, which gives her new style legitimacy. The
musical ends on an ambiguous moment of possible reconciliation
between teacher and pupil, as Higgins slouches and asks, "Eliza,
where the devil are my slippers. The musical starts with the
busybody postman who reads everybody's mail, Hector (Walter
Brennan), delivering mail to the Dana household and particularly
to Cora (Helen Broderick), the maid who he is in love with. The
naive Constance clings to Milady, who sees a chance for revenge
on d'Artagnan, and fatally poisons Constance before d'Artagnan
can rescue her. The naive Princess assumes offense, leading the
lieutenant to convince her that he slighted her because she is
thought to be very beautiful. The narrator concludes that he will
never forget those radio voices, although with each passing of a
New Year's Eve they seem to grow dimmer and dimmer. The natives,
thinking they are gods, adorn them with jewels and give them
food. The neighborhood bar is owned by Dez (Lillard), who is
married with two children and is the most content and functional
member of the gang. The network immediately offers her a
position, but Lanie declines, realizing that she wants a life
with Pete in Seattle. The network is negotiating a merger with
another company, but is keeping it secret. The new commissioner
formalizes the game's rules, taking away improvisational antics.
The new plan works like a charm, and Gladys and Charlie,
realizing their parents' shortcomings, decide to elope. The
newlyweds devise more and more cunning schemes to undermine each
other, such as Jack telling Joy that their counseling session is
canceled to prove she's not committed, and Joy inviting girls to
their apartment to try to get Jack to cheat on her, throwing a
party where Jack's friend Dave shows up. The newlyweds drive away
with Dino and Gazoo to goodbye waves from their friends, family,
and even Chip and Roxie. The newlyweds leave the hotel after Tom
has a heated argument with the hotel owner and pays a large bill
to repair the power. The newspaper coverage of the kiss causes
the cafe to skyrocket in popularity overnight. The newspaper's
car breaks down and Maggie accepts a lift in the Leslie Special.
The next afternoon at a church barbecue, Paulina deliberately
reveals Darrin's secrets with a polite demeanor, in order to make
herself look innocent. The next date is a romantic boat ride, and
Kate and John have a good time together. The next day (the first
day of previews), Sharpay and Roger concoct a plan to remove
Amber from the show. The next day Charles comes to visit Claire
in her home in order to break off their engagement. The next day
Cécile drops Alain at the train station but he comes out a few
seconds later to take a taxi, however Manise is still tailing
him. The next day Graham suggests they go to lunch to get to know
one another better. The next day Jhnelle leaves a message on
Derrick's phone saying she wants to have lunch and that she'll
meet him at "his" office. The next day Kevin beats up Jonathan at
his aquarium, but later apologizes and tells him everything. The
next day Lanie receives an opportunity for a job she always
dreamed of in New York. The next day Mark is fired from his job
because of the lack of interest in his films, and his landlord
threatens to evict him for not paying his rent. The next day
Mitch is mortified when a recording of his tearful phone call to
his parents is played over a loudspeaker system during lunch, a
prank conceived by Kent and his cronies. The next day Peter
encounters Aldous, and learns that he and Sarah have broken up
and that he is flying back to England. The next day Stanley holds
a press conference to tell the world that he, who spent his life
debunking charlatan mystics, has finally come to find one who is
the real deal. The next day Tania drops by the laundrette and
tells Johnny she is leaving, asking him to come along. The next
day after a debate at school, Cécile asks Pascal to tail Alain
because he is hiding something from her. The next day as Yancy is
loading up to leave for the mountains Rosalie is watching him and
crying. The next day at a scheduled recording session, Lenny is
missing, and Jimmy's grievances with White reach a boiling point
and he quits the band. The next day at the carnival, Nikko
arrives in time to see the Spectacular. The next day at work Kate
and Luke awkwardly interact and then eventually end up sitting
together at lunch. The next day before school, Dylan's contacts
fall down the drain, so she wears her nerdy black-and-brown
glasses. The next day has both Terry and Bobby getting flack from
their respected friends and family. The next day in class, Katey
is asked to read aloud from The Odyssey - a passage about love
and passion. The next day is Christmas and Lance's big game. The
next day on her wedding day, she confides in her father, Wilder
(Sam Shepard) and asks for his advice. The next day she comes
back and sits down at the counter. The next day she goes with
Gulpje to Gulpje her tribe restaurant where the scene from “When
Harry Met Sally" was filmed. The next day the pool is drained,
and Zeebo and Wiploc are working on their ship when Woody stops
by and offers to take them to the beach. The next day they decide
to go to the last performance of the show. The next day they meet
up and Julie decides she wants to try having sex and assumes
Shawn is a virgin, he protests and says her reasons yesterday
were valid and he is not a virgin but she does not believe it and
convinces him to have sex on the rooftop. The next day when
Justine arrives at work, Cheryl tells her that someone stole
fifteen thousand dollars from the safe and that the police
suspect Holden. The next day when Peggy goes to talk to Charlie,
he lashes out at her and she gives him a song she "wrote" for him
(which ends up being "She Loves You", by The Beatles). The next
day, Abe is taken into care again for relapsing and Kelly is
emotionless. The next day, Adrian possesses the Chief of the NYPD
(Michael McKean) and accuses Nicky of mass murder. The next day,
Angela, who is unharmed, and Bob, who has his arm in a sling,
reconcile after a visit from a heavily bandaged Jimmy. The next
day, Ava goes to Charlie’s office to apologize, and asks him to
come back home. The next day, Bianca reconciles with Kat and
begins dating Cameron. The next day, Brian says goodbye to Jordan
and leaves for his family's annual Christmas gathering in
Vermont. The next day, Bubba shows up at Retail Rodeo and tells
Justine that Phil opened a statement from the credit card
company, which listed the motel that Justine paid for with the
card. The next day, Calvin is stunned to find Ruby in his
kitchen, as an actual living person. The next day, Chance sees a
tire and begins to chew on it but does not notice the "Blood Red
Van" driving through the gates. The next day, Christina cannot
stop talking about Peter while Jane deals with an embarrassing
"cleanup" from her fun with the guy she met the night before. The
next day, Cody breaks into a lab owned by Duncan, where he sees
the finished device: a microchip inserted as a filling into a
tooth cavity by dentist Santiago. The next day, Connie goes on
the road for two weeks, leaving Rocky to look after Rover. The
next day, Darla's mother Lynda (Catherine Colvey) tells Lauren
she caught Darla in flagrante delicto with someone who looked
like Nick. The next day, David accompanies his dad to the
operating room. The next day, David is distracted by his problems
with his father, affecting his work. The next day, Diane meets
with the IRS investigator, who explains that they suspect Jim has
been embezzling funds from his retirement home residents. The
next day, Drew forces the family to go out and buy a tree
together, requiring Tom to wear a Santa cap in public. The next
day, Dupree makes amends, refurbishing the living room, and doing
Carl's thank-you letters, as well as making friends with kids
from the block. The next day, Ed succeeds in having sex with the
actress. The next day, Eliot arrives at work to find that Cecil
is his temp again due to a flu going around the office. The next
day, Emily Kilbourne, despite orders to get rid of Wade, trains
him to be a footman at the important dinner party that evening
for Senator Harlan (Paul Everton). The next day, Eugenio drives
them to the Austrian border, as Weiss and Morales show up at
Maria's house and learn from Maria that Anna and Ben are married,
which is then reported to Anna's parents. The next day, Evan
talks to Quincy and tells him he's getting married to Rita. The
next day, Frances sets sail for Rio de Janeiro, where she intends
to vacation and devote herself to studying her lines. The next
day, George wants to resume his journey alone. The next day,
Georgina goes shopping for a present for Zach's sister's baby
with her mother. The next day, Gerber kicks Charlie out because
Kasia’s family comes to visit. The next day, Gomer and Goober are
out fishing at Myer's Lake when Gomer sees a monster sticking its
head up out of the water. The next day, Heidi, Imogen, and Dana
are spectating at a school basketball game in which Rob and
Stifler are playing. The next day, Helen and Thelma Lou are
having lunch at Butler's Inn. The next day, Jack Taylor hears his
son explaining to Lisa how she should stand up to their father
and goes back to Tom. The next day, James, Mollie, and Mollie's
parents talk, while Mikey explains to Julie why he saved her from
the fire and they start to get along. The next day, Jamie speaks
with Darla about the night before and her fear that Chris's lack
of affection means that he doesn't like her. The next day, Jan
andJ. The next day, Jane confronts Tess to apologize. The next
day, Javier shows up at Katey's school and agrees to enter the
dance contest with her. The next day, Johnny agrees to give Tommy
a ride on his bike. The next day, Jonathan outlines to the firm's
receivership board his bold new plan to get the company back on
its financial feet. The next day, Julia decides to stay home and
attend to business there. The next day, Katey tries some of the
dance moves she saw. The next day, Katey walks by a dance class.
The next day, Katey's parents tell her they are leaving Cuba and
she has one last night with Javier. The next day, Kathy goes for
a ride with Johnny against her father's wishes. The next day, Kay
is waiting by the fountain and Rene discovers that he has
overslept. The next day, Kiko takes Jackie to the medical mission
in a remote mountain community where she initially finds it
difficult to adjust to the conditions. The next day, Lalit goes
to Ria and pleads for her to return to the wedding, admitting
that he can't possibly imagine what she's gone through but also
saying that he can't disown Tej: he is family, and they go back a
long time. The next day, Lambert receives a telegram, bearing an
Iowa museum's bid of $5000. The next day, Lauren meets quirky,
hunk firefighter Nick Corina (Dean Cain) when he rescues a groom
from a failed 'grand entrance. The next day, Les does get in
trouble with his father after returning home (after dropping
Charles, Dean and Mercedes off) with the Cadillac, which is by
now seriously damaged. The next day, Lloyd immediately starts
working on a machine with the opposite effect so Danny will be
able to return to his 14-year-old body soon. The next day,
Loretta goes to see Ronny at his bakery. The next day, Matt
visits Kim (Vahina Giocante), a young Frenchwoman he is dating,
who reveals to him all about her own sexual active life with
other men and women and of her comfort with it. The next day,
Matthew finds out Alison's ranch is not worth anything and
accuses her again of swindling Jeremy. The next day, Max is at
her door, to take her to an AIDS Gala of his friend Leonard. The
next day, Max is met by Stan while celebrating, who reveals he
set him up and let Max do all the work while he later recovered
the diamond. The next day, Mia is crowned "Her Majesty Amelia
Mignonette Thermopolis Renaldi, Queen of Genovia", with all in
attendance in the royal palace. The next day, Miggy is looking
for Laida when she hands him a letter of resignation. The next
day, Miles lets it slip that Jack is to be married. The next day,
Millie learns that Tommy Bassett (Jimmy Hunt), a young boy she
knows and likes very much, has lost his mother in a traffic
accident. The next day, Miss Novak calls in sick after her
mystery man failed to show. The next day, Naomi and Ely go
shopping for their Halloween costumes. The next day, Nick wakes
up and comes to realize that he can hear the innermost thoughts
of all women. The next day, Palmer confronts Katherine about
Danny's feelings for her, which Katherine dismisses. The next
day, Priestly comes to the shop and is almost unrecognizable,
dressed in Banana Republic khakis and an Oxford shirt, piercings
removed, his hair parted down the middle with bright colors
washed out, tattoos mostly hidden, and no punk makeup, and
finally asks Tish out. The next day, Princess Ann appears to
answer questions from the press, and is surprised to see Joe and
Irving there. The next day, Quentin thinks about how things have
changed. The next day, R and his new wife are presented with two
Dead children. The next day, Rocky waits for her outside Macy's,
ringing bells and playing a banjo, and wins her over. The next
day, Rodney confronts Izzy at the school, saying that he won due
to a trick and demanding a rematch. The next day, Rudi tells
Maddalena that he is in love with Anni and she steps aside, then
suggests that they dine together that evening. The next day, Ryan
sees Tenley Parrish (Jessica Biel) for the first time, as he and
his father are mowing the Parrish family's lawn. The next day,
Ryan walks in on Kelsi composing in the music room and they start
to sing ("Just Wanna Be with You") which leads to Ryan asking
Kelsi to prom. The next day, Ryan's friends, dad and brother,
along with several major league scouts including Alexander,
attend the game to watch Ryan have the best game of his life. The
next day, Sally gives him a hot tip she has just received that
something big is going to happen in Chinatown. The next day,
Scott apologizes to Tom and they reconcile. The next day, Sharpay
heads to her audition, only to discover that Jerry wanted to
audition Boi for the part of the 'best friend' in his new
musical, A Girl's Best Friend, about a girl and her dog. The next
day, Shirley's cancer starts taking effect and she assures Joyce
that she is all right and that she knows she's close to Heaven.
The next day, Tess receives an invitation, addressed to both of
them, to the home of her prominent Senator father (Minor Watson)
and the world-famous feminist aunt who raised her (Fay Bainter).
The next day, Theodora finds that he has gone back to New York
and left her. The next day, Timmy takes his train set back to
Crowley's to get the money back for Steve because Timmy thinks
Steve is somewhat destitute, and could use the money. The next
day, Troy, himself, apologizes to Mike for the incident, who
forgives him and invites Troy to have a drink with him and the
guys, beginning a new friendship. The next day, Verona tells Burt
a story about her childhood house and her parents (who were both
killed when she was 23). The next day, Yancy finds that Rosalie
has run away from her father and wants him to take her to town.
The next day, a sober Jeff comes to the door to apologize and say
that he did hear the judge's words the previous night and has
learned his lesson. The next day, a wealthy industrialist named
Samuel Graynamore unexpectedly makes Joe a proposition. The next
day, after an unpleasant exchange with Lori, Celeste goes to
Jeffrey and pleads with him to speak to Lori on her behalf. The
next day, an employee from the museum arrives at Charles's home
and asks for Charles's signature on the million-dollar insurance
policy for the sculpture. The next day, as Harriet prepares to
leave with Robert, she approaches Alfred to say goodbye. The next
day, as Kelly is on a set for a war program that Bart got them
in, Bart hasn't turned up. The next day, as they jokingly
register for their wedding, Josh and Molly run into Gisele. The
next day, everyone prepares to have a little Christmas carol
parade, where people travel from house to house caroling, and
people join along the way until nearly the entire neighborhood
has joined in. The next day, following a joyful night with Alan,
Mimi admits to Jimmy that she is still in love with Alan. The
next day, he goes to the hair salon where Isabelle works as a
hair stylist to apologize in person, and Isabelle forgives him,
introducing him as her boyfriend to the staff. The next day, he's
surprised to receive a message at work from a woman with a "heavy
Southern accent" and rushes to a restaurant, where he noticed his
restored Porsche in the parking lot. The next day, however, she
finds out about his "philosophy", and leaves in disgust. The next
day, she discovers the TV station is threatening to cancel her
show because of its poor ratings. The next day, she goes to the
coffeeshop to apologize to him and asks him to babysit her kids.
The next day, she is sunbathing when the aliens' spaceship crash
lands in her pool. The next day, she jokes about having had sex
with him. The next day, she meets Grace (Gretchen Mol), Philip's
ex-girlfriend, although Allegra does not know about it. The next
day, still drunk, Brian stumbles into Jake's temple and
interrupts a post-bar mitzvah gathering, resulting in a
confrontation with Jake that ends with the priest punching the
rabbi. The next day, taking advantage of a scene where Rosalind
flies over the set, Larry flies to the actual island where he
first met her. The next day, the A's have their first game of the
season, where Van Leemer shines pitching a shut out, while Ryan
is told to walk the stands for donations. The next day, the
Carpathians must leave to return home. The next day, the drug
leaves Darryl's system and now all his five senses operate
normally. The next day, the duke learns that his estate has been
appropriated by the American army for a base and that David has
lost the election. The next day, the gang volunteer at a shelter,
with Q as a grudging Santa Claus. The next day, the hotel doorman
gives Brian a letter from Arielle in which she explains that
although she loves him deeply, she cannot leave her husband and
children, and asks him not to contact her again. The next day,
the kids gather at the ski jump and try to persuade Gidget not to
attempt it, but she does anyway. The next day, they fly to New
York and find a hotel to stay in. The next day, they're about to
share a kiss when someone knocks on the door- Belle. The next
day, we see Gidget surfing with a very annoyed Abby (who is
afraid of the water) looking on from the beach. The next day,
when Rob and Heidi are cleaning the library, Rob finds a secret
compartment containing 'The Bible' (The Book of Love). The next
day, when she goes over to Bruno's house, Mary discovers detailed
designs for the wheelchair ramp he made for her, sees that he
still has the broken car mirror he replaced for her, and other
signs that Bruno genuinely cares for her. The next day, when the
President learns that Mary was upset about not keeping her date
with David, he calls the fishing expert himself to express his
regrets. The next day, while Charlotte rests in the pension, Lucy
decides to spend a "long morning" in the Basilica of Santa Croce,
led by another guest, Miss Eleanor Lavish, a novelist who
promises her an adventure. The next day, while shopping for
tuxedos, Sydney asks Peter why he is marrying Zooey, and also
asks for an $8,000 loan. The next day, while the others are
hungover and recovering, Paddy visits Diana and tells her that he
and Billy were both in love with Sophie when they were younger
and she picked Paddy. The next day, with Cristina recovered, the
three of them fly back to Barcelona. The next day, with Vincent
in town unbeknownst to them, the Morgans anticipate leaving Ray
for a permanent hiding place. The next evening while working at a
gas station/garage, Stephanie is surprised again by the Cool
Rider, and they enjoy a romantic twilight motorcycle ride. The
next evening, Zack is preparing to film a scene between Stacey
and another actor, Lester, that was supposed to have been with
Lester and Miri. The next few days, Miggy realizes he still loves
Laida and ends his relationship with Belle. The next few days,
she reads a newspaper article about why they hired her and what
Miggy went through. The next morning Justine quickly packs a
suitcase. The next morning Muriel asks David, who has decided
that he likes having her around, for a divorce. The next morning
Phelps (Granville Bates) orders insurance company manager
Ridgeway (Andrew Tombes) to retrieve it. The next morning Phillip
gets up looking for Gloria/Marsha who's already left. The next
morning Sam calls Jjaks and tells him he got the money. The next
morning Tom says that it was a mistake. The next morning a
disheveled Miles tells the convention that love is the most
important thing, and that he is giving up divorce for pro bono
work. The next morning an angry Kasim confronts Princess Shalmar
for marrying someone else. The next morning at breakfast, the
newspaper reports the death of Wade Rawlins, the "noted
novelist", from a car crash, much to the shock and dismay of the
family, the cook and the maid. The next morning at school, Josh
finds her at her locker and asks her about the letter. The next
morning at the White House gate, David attempts to bribe Mary
with flowers and candy, only to have them thrown back into his
face. The next morning his mother asks him if he drove home
drunk, and shows him a film she received on her phone of Rob
throwing up on the girl the night before. The next morning
however, he meets a female bear named Lulubelle. The next morning
it is all over the news that John is already married to an
English woman. The next morning she calls Josh to tell him about
it, and he soon turns up at her apartment with coffee and her
favourite sweets to cheer her up. The next morning the cabin
rocks dangerously over the cliff edge while the two try to
escape. The next morning the press and Bulworth's campaign
managers converge on Nina's house, all eager to talk to himD. The
next morning, Amy shows up at Dylan's house. The next morning,
Angelica takes Joe to a yacht, the Tweedledee, owned by her
father. The next morning, Anna calls her parents. The next
morning, Arlington steals all her money and their repaired car.
The next morning, Art/Bart has to run back and forth between the
two sister's bedrooms (whose two bathrooms share a private
swimming pool) as he's supposed to be with them both at the same
time. The next morning, Athos bets that he, d'Artagnan, Porthos,
and Aramis, and their servants can hold the recaptured st Gervais
bastion against the rebels for an hour, for the purpose of
discussing their next course of action. The next morning, Augie
is mortified to find himself in the motel and, finding a note
from Estelle thanking him for his kindness, believes he has been
unfaithful to Isolde. The next morning, Ava and Tanzie take a bus
to Ava's engagement party. The next morning, Cal takes Rover into
the woods in order to put him down, but is attacked by the
wolves. The next morning, Calvin finds that the note is gone
along with Ruby, and he breaks down sobbing. The next morning,
Caroline and their wedding planner (Peter Dinklage), show up
early to finalize their plans. The next morning, Charlie doesn't
remember anything, but Gray hasn't slept the whole night, due to
the bond she felt with Charlie. The next morning, Corky has only
a hazy memory of what happened, but tells Jo that Tony has a
habit of leaving him to deal with women he abandoned. The next
morning, Dallas has vanished, leaving a farewell letter with
Pockets. The next morning, Dan endures her 'punishment' for his
late night with Ruthie by eating the burnt pancakes which she
serves him. The next morning, Danielle catches Rodmilla and
Marguerite stealing her mother's dress and slippers for
Marguerite to wear to the ball. The next morning, Dorothy comes
down for breakfast, and is annoyed to find the butler has put out
two table settings. The next morning, Dupree gets all the local
kids to search for Carl. The next morning, George finds his
mother in the park. The next morning, Georgiana has ditched
Gundy. The next morning, Godfrey is shown what to do by the
Bullocks' sardonic, wise-cracking maid, Molly (Jean Dixon), the
only servant who has been able to put up with the antics of the
family. The next morning, Gwen finds that Newton left in the
middle of the night. The next morning, Harold sneaks into Arthur
Blake's office and explains the whole situation. The next
morning, Jeff receives a phone call from Bridget, who has been
following up the team's notes on the story; she informs him that
Belinda (Kristen Bell) is still alive. The next morning, Jenna
awakens in a gleaming Fifth Avenue apartment. The next morning,
Jenny wakes up alone and broken-hearted. The next morning, Jessie
discovers her jewels are gone. The next morning, Jimmy wakes up
in the bar after being knocked out during the fight, and makes
his way to the hotel, where he is joined by Albert. The next
morning, Jjaks awakens having no memory of anything that happened
after his fight with Sam. The next morning, Joe, having already
slept through the interview Princess Ann was scheduled to give,
hurries off to work, leaving her still asleep. The next morning,
Joel finds his house has been burgled. The next morning, Jonah's
sister comes to pick him and Gus up for the operation. The next
morning, Julie calls her father, and sends R out for fuel. The
next morning, Julie comes to talk to Tom about Scott's attempt of
infidelity, not knowing Tom had witnessed the entire event. The
next morning, Kim calls Wyatt claiming "The Ricker" is a dog who
she had to dogsit. The next morning, Lauren is freaked out, but
she later finds out that the setting was staged. The next
morning, Lorena has to meet the judges and Cici has to deliver
Ricky's car to a man named Rodrigo (DL. The next morning, Loretta
tells Ronny they can never see each other again. The next
morning, Luke and Kate keep moving and make plans to get dinner
to celebrate when they are done. The next morning, Marc calls
Caleb and leaves a message. The next morning, Marisa is spotted
by the real Caroline Lane and her friend leaving Chris' room. The
next morning, Mary receives calls from Gustav and the Supreme
Court justices congratulating her on her engagement to Phillip,
and a call from the President congratulating her on her
engagement to Tom. The next morning, Matt and Hannah meet up with
Professor Bedlam (now just "Barry") and Jenny. The next morning,
McKay stays inside the house, while the Canfield men wait for his
departure. The next morning, Mickey, Donald, and Goofy climb the
gigantic beanstalk and enter a magical kingdom of enormous scope,
where they appear to be tiny creatures compared to their
surroundings. The next morning, Milly learns the truth and is at
first outraged, even though Pimm confesses that Davis was not the
intended groom. The next morning, Miranda is delighted to learn
that Denys has changed his mind and declined the Hollywood job.
The next morning, Nick fixes breakfast for Lauren and Lily (Amy
Sobol), who gives Lauren a go-for-him. The next morning, Paddy
confronts Billy at the pool and tells him he does not love Lisa
like Paddy loved Sophie and that the wedding must be stopped. The
next morning, Penelope arrives at the harbor to sail with the
brothers to Greece. The next morning, Peter announces that he is
going to accept the advertising offer, leading Tammy to run away.
The next morning, Raymond prepares Crystal's breakfast in bed,
though Clara insists on taking it up to her. The next morning,
Sheila makes it clear that, though Mike says he misses her, she
is completely over him. The next morning, Susie attempts to take
revenge on Emilio with a devious plan. The next morning, Tenley
is mowing the Dunne's lawn and Ryan goes out to talk to her, they
make up, and she invites him to the party at the Parrish house
that night. The next morning, Todd arrives with her therapist,
planning on decluttering Doris's house, but when his wife tries
to throw out a pencil Doris stole from John, she angrily throws
them out of her house. The next morning, Tom's mother (Katharine
Alexander) pays her a visit only instead of threatening to block
the marriage, she just lets Grace know that she knows all about
Grace's past, but will bless their marriage as long as she
promises to always love and care from him. The next morning, a
hungover Peter is awakened by the press and a stream of well-
wishers, all congratulating him on his generosity. The next
morning, a maid finds the corpses of the couple, and Jesse and
Jade drive away with their best friend David, who knew about
their plan to elope. The next morning, after Duke makes an
appointment to see Jo as her patient, Jo advises him that if he
wants his former fiancée to sign the contract, he must wine and
dine her. The next morning, after the news of the robbery has
spread, Davis quickly looks for a lead on the missing statue,
desperate to get to it at any cost. The next morning, after the
party, a Mercedes coupe with darkened windows turns up, Finch
approaches and it turns out Stifler's Mom has come after all. The
next morning, despite Wes' insistence that they drive back
together as planned, Alison tells Wes that she wants to go back
alone. The next morning, having sobered again and planning to
leave for a cruise, the Millionaire again has the Tramp tossed
out. The next morning, he offers to let her stay in his home
longer than the week she asked for, but she declines. The next
morning, he punches the overly cheerful Phil over it. The next
morning, however, Steve returns to his room to find Dolly curled
up in a chair. The next morning, however, she is suddenly unable
to speak. The next morning, it is Evie's 18th birthday; Evelyn
returns prematurely with presents for her, but is shocked by the
mess in the kitchen and the rest of the house. The next morning,
she calls and invites Bobby to breakfast where she apologizes.
The next morning, she confesses all to Philip in order to get
some legal advice. The next morning, she finds the ring and
assumes he is married. The next morning, she introduces herself
as Anna Maria D'Alessandro ("Just call me Dallas") (Elsa
Martinelli), a photojournalist sent by the Basel Zoo to record
the capture of the animals they have ordered. The next morning,
she leaves to get back together with Spencer. The next morning,
the authorities and Sophie discover them, revealing that Stan's
FBI license is suspended. The next morning, the butler finds
Julie in Michael's bed. The next morning, the day of the wedding,
Julianne tries to sabotage the situation further; as Michael and
Kimmy are not speaking to each other, they communicate through
Julianne, not realizing she is trying to manipulate them into
breaking up for good. The next morning, the duo wake up and take
a bus home, abandoning the couch on the riverbanks. The next
morning, the family finds Rawlins occupying the guest room. The
next morning, the girls give R a major make-over to make him look
human, and take him on a tour of the city. The next morning, the
two go to a diner and a waitress recognizes Jane. The next
morning, they are arrested by the landowner for trespassing and
destruction of property, and taken to an unfriendly justice of
the peace. The next morning, they are less than cordial to each
other, but Megan can't leave because of a blizzard. The next
morning, they are summoned to meet with the mob's boss. The next
morning, they awake to a cheering village. The next morning, they
both get lectures from their parents about their love life. The
next morning, they encounter the lone resident, "Pop" Tolliver
(Harry Davenport). The next morning, they realize it was a
mistake and decide to divorce. The next morning, when William
sees Mike and some of his friends at a diner, he tries to thank
Mike for taking the fall. The next night Ryan is pitching in his
first game of the season. The next night at the game, Brubaker
finally gets his first hit breaking his slump and improves during
the season. The next night, Chris goes to Jamie's for a Christmas
party, planning to reveal his feelings for her, but he finds
Dusty already there winning the guests over with his charm and
musician talents. The next night, Peter agrees to attend a Rush
concert with Sydney, on the condition that he can bring Zooey.
The next night, Ryan starts out well in the big game, but comes
apart later on. The next scenes develop their friendship, showing
Frank’s jaded personality as he becomes slowly more loving toward
Breezy. The next thing Deb knows, she wakes in Ryan's bed with a
hangover. The next time Charlie helps Juliet in the editing bay,
Rob convinces their bumbling Professor to end class early locking
Charlie and Juliet in the classroom. The next time Sally catches
the same woman kissing Jeff, she sues him for divorce. The next
weekend, Josh asks Lara Jean how long they've been dating. The
night Jess learns that she is pregnant, Milly learns that though
she has responded to the chemotherapy, she still needs a double
mastectomy. The night before he arrives, Julia and Rodgers drink
heavily and spend the night in the store front window singing.
The night before the ceremony, Varun refuses to dance and Ayesha
performs alone. The night before the interview and the game, they
agree to go to the Homecoming Dance together, as "not a date".
The night before the wedding, Kat discovers Amy slept with
Jeffrey when they were still together, and that Jeffrey dumped
Kat because he believed he was in love with Amy. The night before
they are supposed to leave for an extended vacation where Jordan
had been planning to propose, Rachel says she cannot marry him
due to his sexual ineptitude. The night is cut short when
midnight strikes and Fella flees, losing his shoe along the way.
The night of the show, Christian sneaks into the Moulin Rouge,
intending to pay Satine to return his love just as the Duke paid
for her ("Hindi Sad Diamonds"). The night she takes the test,
Stan takes her for a romantic dinner in a garden. The noise of
the practicing choir annoys Fitzgibbon, who finally decides to go
to the bishop and ask for O’Malley to be transferred away. The
normally laid-back Trucker then arrives and subdues Tadd with
heretofore undisplayed advanced fighting techniques,
contradicting Trucker's surfer hippie laid-back persona. The note
strikes a chord with the students and faculty, and suddenly many
students claim to have been friends with Kyle and are touched by
how deep and intelligent he shows himself to be in his writings.
The note, written by Orville, says he's being tortured and warns
Jeff of danger. The novel begins with one of its most often-
quoted lines: The novel opens with a scene that introduces Prince
Stepan Arkadyevich Oblonsky ("Stiva"), a Moscow aristocrat and
civil servant who has been unfaithful to his wife Princess Darya
Alexandrovna ("Dolly"). The novel contains several framed
narratives: Garp's first novella, The Pension Grillparzer;
"Vigilance", a short story; and the first chapter of his novel,
The World According to Bensenhaver. The novel details
Konstantin's difficulties managing his estate, his eventual
marriage, and his personal issues, until the birth of his first
child. The novel ends in Florence, in melodramatic fashion, where
George and Lucy have eloped without her mother's consent. The
novel explores a diverse range of topics throughout its
approximately thousand pages. The novel focuses on the narrator
and protagonist Quentin "Q" Jacobsen and his neighbor Margo Roth
Spiegelman. The novel has themes much more adult than the
traditional story. The novel is based on Pride and Prejudice. The
novel is divided into eight parts. The novel is evocative of the
New Hampshire of Irving's childhood. The novel is set in Florence
at the end of the Second World War. The novel opens with Jenny
Bunn's arrival at her lodging-house. The novel opens with Mrs
Bennet trying to persuade Mr Bennet to visit an eligible
bachelor, Mr Bingley, who has arrived in the neighborhood. The
novel races towards its climax and Ben also disappears,
apparently having gone off with a pretty girl whom Boris did not
recognize, but Ben appeared to trust without hesitation. The
novel reveals that, to start a war with the neighboring country
of Guilder, Humperdinck himself had arranged Buttercup's
kidnapping and murder, but that he now believes that Buttercup
dying on her wedding night will inspire his subjects to war even
more effectively. The novel was Farrelly's fledgling effort, and
served as his thesis when he graduated from the creative writing
program at Columbia University. The novel, The Girlfriend, is a
success. The now-wealthy Hugo comes to visit Grimes, with Virgie
in town. The nurse explains that Jonah falls into a small
percentage of men whose sperm cannot be frozen because of
biological complications. The nurse replies with, "Well, do you
have a girlfriend. The nurse runs up to the soldier and the
camera switches to reveal this to be a scene from a film. The
oblivious Jesse and Jade return and begin their trip. The office
is a complete disaster that day, in complete chaos. The offspring
of a boozer and a lesbian is the Hlynur. The offspring of a
lesbian and a boozer. The older gentleman introduces himself as
Colonel Pickering, a linguist who has studied Indian dialects.
The older man's companions beat d'Artagnan unconscious with a
cooking pot and a metal tong that breaks his sword. The older
sister, Jacqueline (Carla Lehmann), has a sexually liberal
backstory, and the younger is quite unspolied by life. The older
woman apologizes for her son's behavior and explains that this is
not the first time that Emilio misled a girl, leaving Susie
heartbroken. The older woman immediately takes away Lucy's
Baedeker guidebook, which, she says, only touches the surface of
things. The oldest sister is Sylvia (Anne Gwynne), an actress,
and the youngest is Nancy (Ann Gillis), who is a bit of a flirt
and has all the boys fighting over her. The one exception is
Jeff, who was aware of his roommate's "dual role" and remarks,
"That is one nutty hospital. The one thing missing in their life
is a child. The only available transportation is a motorcycle,
which due to Army regulations, only Catherine is allowed to
drive; Henri has to ride in the sidecar. The only bright spot is
that Lauren no longer works for Delivered flowers momentarily
bring Lauren hope, but they are from Lily's ex asking her to
reconcile - life is full of surprises. The only information Amy
has about her best friend's husband is that his name is John
"Johnny" Grey, and that he is supposed to reside in Rochester,
NY. The only place where Poli feels in control of her powers is
in her dreams, where not only she manages to master them to
perfection but also makes it while wearing her glamorous
superhero costume. The only predicament for the relationship is
Jessica's nervousness concerning same-sex intimacy. The only
problem is that a lot of other people want to secure the stolen
opium as well—gangsters, smugglers, thugs and a host of dangerous
lowlifes. The only problem occurs when someone who really is
named Mary Jordan gets the money by mistake. The only problem:
they forgot to bring the parson to perform the marriages. The
only thorn in her side is writer Michael Holmes (Douglas) who is
writing a book on some of her tough ways. The only way Vikki
Hiller, Barbara's editor, can find to promote the book is for
Barbara to meet Catcher Block – a successful writer for the
magazine Know and a notorious "ladies' man, man's man, man about
town" – but he avoids her repeatedly by postponing their dates
until she gets fed up, insults him, and walks out. The only way
for Isabella to control her motion sickness is to control her
motion. The only way for the merchant's daughter to retain her
life was to marry him, according to Gerbino himself. The only way
to atone for the disgraceful wedding is a magnificent wedding
banquet, offered by mr Gao's former driver in the army who now
owns a restaurant and reception hall. The only woman aware of his
schemes is his office manager and best friend Katherine Murphy
(Jennifer Aniston), a divorced mother of two. The opening at the
gallery acts as a catalyst, and all things come to a head. The
opening scene presents Terry Wolfmeyer and her daughters, with a
friend, Denny Davies, attending a funeral. The opportunist Bond
makes a bid for her hand, but after he criticises her father,
Epifania throws him into the Thames, and when Kabir rows out to
help Bond, Epifania jumps in the river after him. The opposite
appears to be the case, as her deep love for playboy Alan Wythe
remains unanswered. The original (and harmless) ghost, Walter
Plinge, was being psychologically manipulated by the second
ghost, Mr Salzella (Director of Music at the Opera House), who
assumed the identity to commit the murders and theft. The
original-future João and alternate-future Otávio find the Helena
and the drugged João, and hold them at gunpoint. The original-
future João and alternate-future Otávio, wanting to change
events, tie the spaceman-João in a separate location, in where he
meets the young Sandra, to whom he proves he is from the future
by showing her his iPhone and having her record a video. The
orphanage st Jude, directed by Irmã Maria, financial difficulties
that can take you to lock and utter helplessness to their
children. The other bridesmaids interrupt for Hannah's
bachelorette party. The other girls follow to help, and convince
the reluctant Lena to take back Kostas. The other hotel owner,
Mark (Thompson), is trying to steal away Daniel's business and
his fiancee (Huffman). The other is lovely widow Vivian who was a
successful book editor, who is under the impression that Herb is
really a doctor, not a dancer. The other members of Spectacular.
The other one is Maurey, a girl at the same age as Sam who wants
to learn about sex. The other seven, encouraged by Joey who is
unsatisfied with his marriage, leave to find her. The other
students are riding up the mountain in gondola ski lifts, but
Nathan has sex with Dana in the lift control room and
accidentally shut off the lifts' power. The other two are more
sensitive and trustworthy but only one woman will be able to find
a rich husband. The others are unaware that the Kid plans to keep
the money for himself to pay off Moran. The others join in and
decide to throw a big bachelor party in their suite that night.
The others take up life in Vienna at what is renamed the (second)
Hotel New Hampshire, one floor of which is occupied by
prostitutes and another floor by a group of radical communists.
The outraged French actors, led by their president, Picard
(Melville Cooper), decide to make him an object of public
ridicule. The owner of a perfume shop in Paris is horrified to
find a skunk, Pepé Le Pew, testing the wares inside his store.
The owners of Shadow the Golden Retriever (voiced by Ralph
Waite), Sassy the Himalayan cat (Sally Field), and Chance the
American Bulldog (Michael Fox) decide to take a family trip to
Canada. The package is the rare lotus flower. The pair are then
seen in bed, implying that Richard has taken Jane's virginity.
The pair decide to visit Joan's aunt and uncle in another area,
and make their way there by train, while Joan's parents are
horrified by her disappearance with Jack and fears the worst. The
pair escape and find Jack, and they flee into the desert in
Omar's hi-jacked F-16 fighter aircraft. The pair feel they have
met before. The pair form a bond and Maude slowly shows Harold
the pleasures of art and music (including how to play banjo), and
teaches him how to "[make] the most of his time on earth". The
pair go fishing. The pair part as friends and Fran leaves to go
on their honeymoon alone. The pair pieces together a playful
manifesto of "rules to live by". The pair reconcile. The pair
return to New York and find news of their wedding printed on Page
6 of the New York Post the following day. The pair return to the
home of Jack's fiancée, where he is welcomed with open arms, and
Miles drives away in his battered car. The pair ride across the
countryside and stops by a pond, where they kiss. The pair soon
begin to get on well with each other. The pair stumble upon Conor
(Steven Daigle) about to engage in sex with another camper and
blackmail him into a trap to find if Benji is gay, however this
fails. The paparazzi arrives in town and makes everybody wonder,
who is sleeping with whom. The paper falls off the stove causes a
bigger fire. The paper is chased by a young woman named Meg who
lost it to a gust of wind from a passing train. The parade ends
with everyone arriving at the church for a big party/dinner. The
parents, both from the small town of Dairy, New Hampshire, fall
in love while working at a summer resort hotel in Maine as
teenagers. The park was their childhood playground and the three
take a little time off to play a game of baseball and reminisce.
The party begins and Rémy and Louise sing "Les roses blanches" to
him instead of "Happy Birthday to You". The party is a huge
success; the house is packed with Joel's friends and classmates
and Lana's co-workers. The party is abruptly halted by the
unexpected return of the three. The party is sparsely attended
with what are apparently teenage and adult customers of Jarrod's
store, all dressed extravagantly as their favourite animal. The
party then rides off into the sunset on four of the prince's
purebred white horses which Fezzik had conveniently discovered.
The passenger aggressively chides Gyeon-woo and tells him to take
care of his "girlfriend". The pastor Frankie has harassed for 23
years, Father Horvak, warns him that he would never find himself
again if he were to go through with Maggie's wishes. The peace
and quiet enjoyed by the residents of the exclusive neighborhood
of Rock Bay, Long Island is disturbed by a newspaper gossip
column tidbit that one of their maids is writing a tell-all book
about her employers. The pensione turns out to be a wreck, and
they soon check out after a cockroach crawls over Tom when they
tried to have sex. The people who will do anything to make a name
for themselves, and the people who will do almost anything. The
people. The performers are so terrible playing their roles that
the guests laugh as if it were meant to be a comedy, and everyone
retires to bed. The perfumer notices a black female cat (not
named in this short, the black cat character is identified as
such in the much later Carrotblanca as Penelope Pussycat), and
with rage flings her into the store and demands her to "Remove
that skunk, that polecat pole from the premises. The person who
aided Cinderella (Aschenputtel) in the Grimms's version is her
dead mother. The phone rings and Phil answers. The phoneticist
introduces himself as Henry Higgins, and, as they both have
always wanted to meet each other, Higgins invites Pickering to
stay at his home in London. The photograph is proof enough that
Johnny is the twins' father and secures their future with him in
America. The photographer's assistant Clea (Clea DuVall) flirts
with Heather and gives her her telephone number, but Heather can
only think about Cindy. The picture comes to a climax as both
Norton and Jim each vows to kill the other. The pier collapses,
dumping the Porsche into Lake Michigan. The pilot, Eddie O'Rourke
(Robert Cummings), takes care of her, still unaware who she is.
The pitch for his comic is a science fiction story about a war
between alien invaders and humanity. The pixie puts forth a wand
and transforms her rag outfit into a fancy dress. The plan
backfires. The plan fails, as the music executive (William
Frawley) brought on to hear the song does not believe it will
sell. The plan is reluctantly accepted by the oldest daughter,
Leilani, who believes the deception is because she and her
siblings are not white. The plan seems to be working as John
relentlessly chases after Kate, even going to her house in the
middle of the night while talking to her on the phone at the same
time (where Kate tells him that she needs to call the police
because there is a stalker outside the house, and John drives
away in panic, hitting a trash can). The plan works, and Amelia
is told that her father, Donovan and Gilhooley were marooned on
the Japanese-occupied island after their destroyer was sunk in
World War II. The plan works, and she gets to keep her job. The
plane lands safely, at which time Virginia learns that the
"affair" was nothing more than a discreet flirtation. The plane
then makes an odd turn, and Nick assumes that Russell is
harassing him, or possibly going insane, by purposely directing
the plane into a dangerous storm. The play consists of four
interconnecting plots, connected by a celebration of the wedding
of Duke Theseus of Athens and the Amazon queen, Hippolyta, which
is set simultaneously in the woodland and in the realm of
Fairyland, under the light of the moon. The play is a drama
concerning racial prejudice involving mrs Jacoby, a Jewish widow
from Brooklyn, New York, and Koichi Asano, a millionaire widower
from Tokyo. The play is a flop, at least in part because the lead
parts are given to two actors, Dana Coles and Jason Brett
(Kathleen Turner and Chris Noth), who are "not right" for the
roles. The play is changed from an interception to a touchdown,
and the Bulldogs win. The play is dreadful, and Avice is not much
better. The play opens during a dinner party at the home of Sir
Robert Chiltern in London's fashionable Grosvenor Square. The
play opens with Hermia, who is in love with Lysander, resistant
to her father Egeus' demand that she wed Demetrius, whom he has
arranged for her to marry. The play quickly closes, much to his
relief. The play shows the sexual side of society, so it’s played
naked and shows sex and masturbation scenes. The playwright
Beaumarchais (Lionel Atwill) returns to the Comédie-Française and
attributes the remark to Garrick himself. The plot centers on a
charismatic radio talk show host, Tom Avery (Bruce Greenwood),
and his "mermaid researcher" girlfriend Fay (Emilia Fox). The
plot closely follows the original Israeli film Eskimo Limon
(Lemon Popsicle), and revolves around protagonist Gary (Lawrence
Monoson), a typical high school student in early 1980s Los
Angeles, and his friends Rick (Steve Antin), the slick ladies'
man, and David (Joe Rubbo). The plot contains two parallel story
lines: a professional-misconduct challenge brought against
Praetorius by his more conventional colleague dr Rodney Elwell
(Hume Cronyn), who dislikes Praetorius's unorthodox but effective
methods; and the struggle of a distressed young woman named
Deborah Higgins (Jeanne Crain), who falls in love with Praetorius
while dealing with an out-of-wedlock pregnancy. The plot follows
multiple intersecting stories. The plot is delivered in a number
of lengthy flashbacks in the narrative of Forrest Gump (Tom
Hanks) as he sits at a bus stop with a suitcase full of mementos
in Savannah, Georgia in 1981. The plot is set in New York City
over three days in the lives of 10 different characters who
interact with each other in various sexual encounters which
follows from one character to the next. The plot is unusual for
its time in that Helen is not denigrated for her beliefs about
marriage and Don is not depicted as being a cad. The plot of
Stand-In concerns the takeovers of Hollywood studios that
occurred during the Great Depression. The plot of the novel
revolves around the title character Jane Spring, an attractive
and intelligent 31-year-old Manhattan assistant district attorney
and West Point general's daughter who grew up without a female
role model and struggles to understand why she fails to 'keep'
men in a relationship. The plot revolves around a contest --
"Gays Gone Wild. The plot revolves around billionaire Jean-Marc
Clement (Montand) who learns that he is to be satirized in an
off-Broadway revue. The plot surrounds a confused bride Melissa
(Prepon) who wakes hand-cuffed to a Mexican stranger who claims
to be her husband; she has no recollection of the marriage after
having consumed a Mexican "moonshine" drink and having forgotten
the events that occurred the previous night. The plot terminates
with the revealing of whether or not the dream lover of Xiao-
jie's grandmother was her grandfather or the Taiwanese star Bao-
long Wan. The plot then splits into two parallel universes, the
other detailing what would have happened had she caught that
train. The plot thickens when Marni's mother Gail (Jamie Lee
Curtis) meets up with Joanna's aunt Ramona (Sigourney Weaver),
Gail's former best friend who pushed her into a pool at their
senior prom. The plot thickens when he switches identities with
one of his clients (James Marsden) for a weekend, and the
client's girlfriend dies in an accident. The plots come together
in the end, with Peter developing a friendship with the daughter
of a neighbor, having been introduced to the hope chest that she
has, Christine and Richard displaying a show of mutual acceptance
of their attraction to each other, and, as a final plot device,
Robby finding that the noise he had awoken to early every morning
was that of an early-rising businessman tapping a quarter on a
street sign pole. The police are alerted. The police are called,
but Robie has disappeared. The police arrest them, led by Rod
Cannon (Scott Caan) but they escape and are hidden from the
police by Bambi Cummings (Rachel Specter) at her sorority house,
Tri-Pi. The police arrive in time to capture the rest of the
gang. The police arrive when Michael recognizes one of the
robbers—the one who threatened to cut off Julie's ears—as a
waiter at the club. The police authorized a sting operation on
Seymour to tape Keith's conversation and to capture him. The
police bring the whole group in. The police catch Bruno, but the
inspector in charge recognizes him, much to Janet and Frost's
shock, and all ends well. The police chief publicly announces
that Foussard was the jewel thief, but, as Robie points out
privately in the presence of the abashed Hughson, this would have
been impossible because Foussard had a wooden leg, and could not
climb on rooftops. The police come to apprehend Franky, believing
she is a part of the gang, but she knows nothing of it. The
police hover nearby. The police inspector, who is Nestor's
superior, and the other policemen, have been aware of the
prostitution, but tolerate it in exchange for bribes. The police
man doesn't believe Andy's story when he tries to explain his
business in the garden, and insists on taking him inside to get a
confirmation from his parents. The police only came to question
about the check Connie had written out to Steve. The police
pursuit ends in a crash, and Zeebo and Wiploc are taken to the
emergency room. The police track Dave down using the impression
of his face found in the dirt at the crash site and they arrest
him. The police, led by Pride, rescue Alan and Ina and arrest
Bunmi. The policeman tries to follow, but cannot get past the
first floor; in frustration, he shouts at Bill, "You'll do time
for this. The popularity of Keppel's cafe allows him to move into
the larger "Club Joyzelle". The popularity of his tale was due to
his additions to the story, including the pumpkin, the fairy-
godmother and the introduction of "glass" slippers. The potentate
has her kidnapped and taken to his palace. The pragmatic Patsy
sees the assignment as the opportunity Christy has been waiting
for and counsels her to romance the heir before telling him of
his good fortune. The pre-wedding party becomes a real-life
version of Larry and Vickie's radio murder mysteries, werewolves
and all. The premiere of The Dancing Cavalier is a tremendous
success. The preparations for the marriage are under way when
Jack returns unexpectedly on leave from the army. The presence of
the zombies adds a horror element to its fiction genre. The
president of the school council, Duke Johnson (Hal Hackett),
offers Andy the honor of being chairman of the freshman dance as
soon as he gets back to the college. The pressure mounts on Rahul
as he finds out that Twinky must get married to preserve the
family's reputation because she is pregnant. The previous day,
one of the executives had seen Fran in the bedroom when he came
to the apartment hoping to borrow it, and mentioned it to the
other executives. The prince and Cinderella get married, and
spend the rest of their lives working as servants for
Cinderella's step family, while the step sisters live happily
ever after. The prince nevertheless insists on her trying. The
prince then helds out the shoe he found, and places it on Cindy's
foot. The prince was a risk taker, avoiding his parents' wishes
for him to marry. The princess dismisses everyone, except for
Jeff. The princess is happy and tells Jeff now she can marry him
and not Kasim. The princess learns of this and decides to
confront Franzi. The princess sends Orville away to get ready for
the wedding. The princess tells Kasim that Orville is the first
husband, and when he dies, she'll happily marry Kasim and they
will live in happiness. The princess' entourage are upset over
news that she was arrested the night before. The principal
characters are Lawrence, Ellie, Alan and Sara. The principal
gives George two choices: he can be expelled, or he can make up
all of the homework he has missed all year. The prize doubles
with each successive question, in the style of the 1940s radio
show The $64 Question. The problem is romance between boss and
subordinate in a company is not allowed. The producer of the film
learns that Tom has left the film, and he flies cross-country to
New Jersey with actor Gil Shepherd (Jeff Daniels) (the "real
life" actor playing the part of Tom in the movie). The production
is beset with difficulties, including Lina's grating voice and
strong New York accent. The productivity and atmosphere of the
company thus also changed in a positive note. The professor goes
on to tell her that she can at least say hi because the
university needs funds. The professor is bitter, arrogant, self-
absorbed and uninterested in his students; this does not help him
when he parks illegally on campus, his car is impounded and does
not pay his fine before getting to the college impound lot
watched by a flunked former student. The professors are
accustomed to working in relative seclusion at a leisurely pace
with a prim housekeeper named Miss Bragg (Kathleen Howard)
keeping watch over them. The professors eventually outwit Lilac
and his henchmen and rescue Sugarpuss. The professors soon become
enamored of her femininity, and she begins to grow fond of them.
The program is called Bismark Earthwalk Action Training, orEAT.
The promotion proves difficult for the couple's relationship as a
result of time constraints and the relationship suffers from the
pressures of being apart. The protagonist and narrator is Dexter
King (Goldblum), an American actor working in London and living
platonically in Camden Town with his "educated, charming. The
protagonist discovers on eBay a replica of a lounge chair that
was used by his father long ago. The protagonist of the story is
Miss Elizabeth Bennet, a young woman living with her parents, mr
and mrs Bennet, and her four sisters. The psychiatrist calls
Darryl normal, but a geek, infuriating Kevin, who the
psychiatrist then attempts to psychoanalyze. The publication of A
Sexual Suspect makes his mother famous. The pugnacious "Warren
Beatty" keeps his word and returns to the store with a gun
(loaded with blanks) to seek revenge. The punishment is however
waived and Christel is again free. The quarrel escalates until
Philip declares that, as captain of their ship, he feels entitled
not only to perform marriages but to grant divorces. The quartet
consists of Joe Spring on clarinet, Pete Summer on accordion and
guitar, Mike Fall on piano and trumpet, and an ever-pessimistic
Happy Winter on violin. The quartet later become judges of a wild
swimsuit competition. The queen gives birth to a daughter named
Snow White, but dies soon after. The queen objects to Edvard's
choice, but the king tells him that if he loves Paige, he should
marry her. The question is whether or not it is true. The
question is, who will survive to tell the tale. The question
remains whether the college will survive, or if the Dean, Peter
and the kids will be joining Grace and Mary on the road. The
questions become more erudite and challenging, but Bottomley
keeps answering them with ease. The rapper tells Kathy he has to
move on, but she decides to follow him. The rationality that has
been his whole life comes back and he rejects prayer, the
supernatural and by extension, Sophie and her powers. The real
adventure begins on the honeymoon, when this screwball comedy
really heats up with insults and arguments. The real estate firm,
and now Ellen, are merely fronts for a bookmaking operation run
from the back of the office, where Dick and his associates,
Gleason (James Gleason) and Kilcoyne (Frank McHugh), take bets on
races. The reason for the divorce is not initially disclosed. The
reason why he is unhappy is because Austin's father planned for
him to go to the University of Southern California with a
football scholarship, other than going to Princeton. The
reconciled couple dance off into the Venetian sunset, to the tune
of "The Piccolino". The relationship between Ann and Steve comes
to an abrupt halt, giving Hilda greater leverage for
reconciliation with Steve. The relationship between Emma and
Aurora comes full circle when Emma is diagnosed with cancer that
soon becomes terminal. The relationship between Melvin and Carol
remains complicated until Simon (whom Melvin has allowed to move
in with him until he can fully heal from his injuries and get a
new apartment) convinces Melvin to declare his love for her. The
relationship between Qi-sheng and Mei-yue was blossoming, but the
director died suddenly when they started to produce the new film.
The relationship between the two is at first strictly
professional, until one night they go out to a restaurant, an
event with which Lauren tries to prove that he can enjoy a night
out without worrying about women flirting with him. The
relationship ends amidst Jessica's tears and Helen's realization
that she wants more than Jessica is willing to offer. The
remainder of the storyline - which runs for the week of the
prophecy - revolves around her attempts at introspection. The
remaining agents discuss eliminating the dissenting agent before
going to lunch. The remaining two women Taylor must persuade to
fall in love with him are Erin Cooper, a sexy Philadelphia Eagles
receptionist, and Eleanor Larimore, an attractive older woman.
The remastered 25th-anniversary edition offers "both the upbeat
studio ending and mr Brickman's original, more tentative and
melancholic conclusion". The report of the scandal soon flies
through the town and we are taken to a bath where everyone is
talking about the supposed affair. The reporter gets the actress
to dress as a vamp and appear on the scene. The reporter who
agrees to cover their wedding for the society page turns out to
be Kevin, who writes wedding announcements under the pseudonym
Malcolm Doyle. The reporters believe his impersonation and the
city decides to throw the aviator a party. The reporters drill
him with questions, but the grilling is interrupted when he
receives news his aunt Vanessa has been in a car accident. The
representative relents and tells her the sign is $210 per month,
three months minimum. The resentful Caesar leads them to where
Ace, Josh and Mima are enjoying a local feast. The resident
Waponis will only let him mine it if he solves a problem for
them. The resident is local Judge Evans, who sentences him to
community service at the nearby hospital as punishment rather
than allow Stone pay for the fence with cash. The residents are
driven into poverty and forced to leave in order to avoid death
by starvation. The resolution, however, is long coming. The rest
of the actors and crew reveal that they pooled their resources to
pay one month of Zack and Miri's bills and are throwing them an
early wrap party. The rest of the film centers on Akeem's
attempts to win Lisa's hand in marriage, which is complicated by
Lisa's lazy and obnoxious boyfriend, Darryl Jenks (Eriq La
Salle), whose father owns "Soul Glo" (a Jheri curl–like
hairstyling aid). The rest of the novel relates, from Jenny's
point of view, the progress of her relationship with Patrick, her
activities as a new teacher, getting to know the people around
her and a string of incidents such as a visit to Julian's house,
a date with Graham and an embarrassing scene in which Dick makes
a clumsy pass at her in the kitchen. The restaurant owner Sue
(Amy Hill) explains to Henry that one year ago, Lucy and her
father Marlin went up to the North Shore to pick a pineapple for
his birthday. The result, then, is that Rose unwittingly trades
Ted's Thenol for Gerald's aspirin. The resulting chaos gives the
appearance of misdeeds by Tommy, which pushes Marie towards the
arms of her other suitor. The resulting manhunt includes searches
of the Lane house, Belden's apartment, Lane's business office,
and all of the local beauty shops; two attempts to intimidate
Melsa; two shooting attempts on her life; a charity ball; and a
trap set for the murderer using Melsa as bait. The resulting
publicity lands her a starring role in the burlesque. The
resulting road trip to pick up and deliver the chair as a
birthday present for the father in Atlanta takes interesting
twists. The results are positive. The retreat proves to be
divided into Eden West and Eden East. The return race commences,
with newlyweds Leslie and Maggie now a team. The reunion is
bittersweet and worsens when Angela finds out that Peaches is on
the run from the IRS and only has 60 days to pay $50,000 in back
taxes. The revelation devastates Nancy and prompts her to bow out
of the play. The revelation of Julia's questionable method of
raising funds sends Fred packing. The revelation that life should
be enjoyed, rather than understood, helps to prepare him for a
second date with Holly, which this time blossoms into love. The
revised show proves to be a hit on its Broadway opening. The rich
can afford medical treatment, and the poor can rely on the
government to pay the bills, but the middle class has to shoulder
the financial burden on its own. The rich guy's parents (Jaclyn
Jose and Freddie Webb) insist that Wendy sign a prenuptial
agreement. The rival Phi Iota Mu sorority intercepts the
invitations and prevents them from being mailed out, so the Zetas
are again in danger of being shut down at the campus meeting of
the Panhellenic Council. The rivalry between the two companies,
with cameramen nudging each other out of the way, sabotage acts
by one against the other, and reporters fighting to get the
'scoop' does not bode well for the romance. The rivalry for
Lexie's affection spills onto the field. The rivalry intensifies
after Rosario deflowers Gina after a fight with her parents. The
robbery goes smoothly, until a security guard shoots at Celine.
The rock star is escorted into one of the hotels and the actress
checks into the other. The romance develops further, and Barry
finally feels some relief from the emotional isolation he has
endured. The romance is terminated when Napoléon Bonaparte
escapes from the island of Elba and marches upon Paris. The
romantic evening comes to an abrupt end when Lord Rockburn shows
up at the same restaurant accompanied by another woman, and Logan
and Leslie are forced to make an unobtrusive early exit to avoid
a potentially scandalous public scene. The romantic fires are
rekindled when the two meet. The romantic love feelings she has
for the boy are indeed strong and genuine, but the romantic love
he has for her is questionable. The root turns out to be the
finger of a murdered woman in a tattered bridal gown named Emily
(Helena Bonham Carter), who rises from the grave claiming that
she is now Victor's wife. The royal ambitions of the stepmother
plays a small part in their attempt to deceive the prince, but
more importantly they are trying to protect Cinderella from the
law of the land, under which practicing magic is punishable by
death. The sailors that were in Rhonda's bedroom go out to
investigate and assume that Muriel's companion is attempting to
rape her. The same day as she gets the notice from the Red Cross,
she also gets two photographs from the housekeeper mrs Tubbs in
England, showing Tillie and Johnny, in love, back during the war,
when he had his amnesia. The same day she meets Stan (Alex
O'Loughlin) when they both try to hail the same taxi. The same
day, rich young Mary Buckingham (Ralston) boards the same train
after her automobile breaks down in Little Bend. The same night,
Emily secretly orders a forty dollar cut-away coat for her
husband out of her household account. The same night, Molly
attends her surprise bachelorette party and is asked questions
about how she and Josh got together. The same night, Rose dines
alone at a restaurant and sees a college professor, Perry (John
Mahoney), being dramatically dumped by a female student, a
similar scene having played out with a different girl the night
Johnny proposed to Loretta. The same thing happens to George when
a subsequent gust of wind from another incoming train dislodges
one of the papers from his folder and blows it into Meg's face,
leaving a lipstick-smudged kiss imprinted on the paper, much to
her amusement when George retrieves it. The same two horses are
scheduled to race against each other the next day, so Brad has
film cameras set up around the racetrack. The satirical film
spoofs several recent pop cultural It Girl moments such as Janet
Jackson's wardrobe malfunction and Ashlee Simpson's lip synching
fiasco. The scene begins at a rehearsal with the Glenn Miller
Orchestra practicing "Chattanooga Choo Choo" and includes two
choruses of the song whistled and sung by Tex Beneke in a musical
exchange with The Modernaires. The scene cuts back to the judge
announcing the Hot Chili Steppers as the first-place winners, who
ecstatically accept their first-place trophy while the Dutch
Dragons look in disbelief. The scene finishes with Woody being
kissed by Breanna and Nell going home very upset about it. The
scene later switches to the house where Joyce (Cheryl Pepsii
Riley) shows up and informs Shirley that she called everybody,
later Aunt Bam complains about the fact that she still doesn't
have a man. The scene now moves six years ahead and shows Melissa
and Jamie ringing the doorbell of Stacy's home for a social
gathering. The scene returns to the marriage-guidance
counsellor's office as the two explain that the realities of
marriage do not live up to the fairytale expectation they both
had. The scene shifts to a Christmas family reunion at Nat's
parents', where a series of embarrassing incidents revolving
around Josh occur. The scene then shifts to Vince and Lucretia's
wedding, where Lester and Ramona see each other. The scenes as
Jed travels around London on his bicycle cleverly give the city
an appearance of Paris. The scheme is a huge success, netting
$2,000 in only a few days. The scheme nearly succeeds, but
Richard captures the smuggler in a tall tree, rolls with him down
a steep embankment, and drags a half-drowned man to shore. The
schemes are his, Bill constantly backing an eccentric inventor
(Mikhail Rasumny) who comes up with a magical hair-growing
formula and one that turns flowers into stone. The scheming
Michael demands payment for his efforts, then on meeting
Cormack's spoiled two children who wish to break up their
father's marriage tells them he will break up the marriage if
they pay him $30,000 with $15,000 up front. The scholarship prize
is won by Denise, yet Simon is proud of his daughter and her
talents. The school drama teacher, ms Tebbit (Wendy Robie),
guides Timothy towards the question of whether his actions have
caused more harm than good. The school principal then decides to
rename the school library in Kyle’s honor. The school year ends
with everyone at East High School looking forward to summer
vacation ("What Time Is It"). The school year ends with the luau
("Rock-a-Hula Luau"), during which the Cycle Lords appear and
begin to destroy the celebration. The school's conservative
church group run by Marianne decides Olive will be their next
project. The school's conservative trustees, led by Ed Keller
(Eugene Pallette) threaten to fire Tommy if he doesn't withdraw
the reading from his lecture. The scientists find that they have
miscalculated,e, 2 + 2 = 5, and have placed the wrong bet. The
screenplay allows Leslie Howard to draw on his classical
background by having his character quote lines from Macbeth,
Hamlet, The Taming of the Shrew, and Romeo and Juliet. The
screenplay, with small but inspired and comedic roles for Noël
Coward, Tony Curtis, and other famous stars of the day, makes fun
of the movie business, actors, studio heads and itself, and is
rife with allusions to the iconic earlier roles of the two main
stars. The script, by Garson Kanin, is about a naive young woman
named Gladys Glover who yearns for fame. The season 3 episode
"Soap Box Derby" shows the Mills Garage in Patterson as a
neighbor's son's car sponsor, and the Stephens' station wagon is
seen with New York plates. The second date is also a disaster
because she wears glasses that aren't meant for her, and brings
along note cards to help her sound smart. The second fight
between Hannah and Jenny is a full-on super-brawl, destroying
part of the neighboring properties. The second is a wild
perversion of a Korean short story—Sonagi—in which the Girl,
having died, asks that her lover be buried along with her—even
though he's still alive. The second stepsister fits into the
slipper by cutting off her heel, but the same doves give her
away. The second stereotype being The Couple. The second wedding
is that of Bernard and Lydia, a couple who became romantically
involved at the previous wedding. The secondary plot involves
preparations for a major live show for the soldiers which will
feature many MGM musical and comedy stars. The secretary
compounds the error by telling Dorothy about the apartment. The
sectionals ends with Nikki going to the nationals and Casey
becoming the runner-up. The sedative eventually makes her fall
asleep on a bench, where Joe Bradley (Gregory Peck), an
expatriate American reporter for the "American News Service"
based in Rome, finds her. The self-involved Steve develops a
guilty conscience. The senator refuses, and Iris is
disillusioned. The senator rushes off before he can be
recognized. The serpent then tells her to go into hysterics and
Adam will give her the apple. The servants lament the hard "work"
Higgins does ("The Servants' Chorus"). The service actually
locates a 5'8" Chinese woman who sings Western opera, speaks five
languages and has a single PhD. The setting is Los Angeles in
1970; the arrest and trial of the Manson Family is featured
throughout the novel as a current event. The settlement hinges on
an Irish castle, Caisleán Cloiche, or "Rock Castle," that each
spouse wants. The seven-car race begins, but Fate's long-
suffering sidekick Maximilian Meen (Peter Falk) has sabotaged
four other cars (and his own, by mistake), leaving just three
cars in the race. The shallowness of all the teens at her school
convinces Halley that finding true love is impossible. The
shareholders seem swayed by Jorgy's speech and boo Garfield when
he gets up to give a rebuttal. The sheikh blames himself for the
tragedy, and vows to rebuild—this time with the support of the
local community. The sheikh does not believe that salmon bred in
captivity will survive and rejects Patricia's offer, ending the
British government's involvement in the project. The sheikh is
excited to meet Alfred, the inventor of the "Woolly Jones"
fishing fly. The sheriff comes in and the kids pretend to be
dancing. The sheriff tells him to go and Yancy has to defend
himself. The sheriff, Paul (Gilbert Roland), says he will find
Rosalie a job at the dance hall and Yancy believes that this will
be alright. The ship has almost made it out of the sandstorm when
rocks kicked up by the wind hit the lander. The shock of the
unexpected proposal leads to her instantaneous death. The shoe is
momentarily picked up by the prince who arrives at the scene. The
shop hangs a photo of Maezumi and his wife with their son happily
in Paris. The short ends with Pepé telling the audience: "You
know, it is possible to be too attractive," while continuing to
run. The short later aired as an individual episode on a 1963
episode of Walt Disney's anthology TV series with new
introductory segments. The short story deals with a vague and
mild-mannered man who drives into Waterbury, Connecticut, with
his wife for their regular weekly shopping and his wife's visit
to the beauty parlor. The short was released separately in 1989
in the Walt Disney Mini-Classics line. The show begins with the
performance of a dancer, who starts getting harassed by the
soldiers, and only Eddie's intervention prevents the situation
from getting out of control. The show contains a satire on The
Richest Girl in the World, Mimi Carraway (Madeleine Carroll). The
show is a great success and the hotel's future guaranteed. The
show is not making any money, and nobody has been paid for six
months. The show moves on to a new town and Bronco Billy goes to
city hall to get a permit. The show portion is hosted by Mickey
Rooney. The show runs out of time, but Beauregard promises to
come back the next week if people will write in to Milady Soap
demanding he be allowed to return. The show works much like the
Bachelor TV show, with fifteen beautiful women competing for
Banks's love and affection. The show's format features
contestants costumed as historical characters or items, who are
asked questions about who or what their attire represents. The
show's sponsor, Sam Ipswich (Gregory Ratoff), discovered the
orphan and made her a star in three months. The show, an American
Civil War melodrama, is terribly amateurish, but the audience
does not know any better and applauds appreciatively. The shy and
awkward Rolando, a school janitor even though he has a degree in
teaching, one day manages to have significant windfall. The
siblings reminisce about their childhood and what the future will
be like after their parents divorce. The sister of the peer sends
for her son Jimmy (Mulhall) because she thinks Peggy has designs
on Lord Anthony. The sisters cast an oath to each other using
blood from both of their hands and Gillian leaves for Los
Angeles. The sisters resurrect him using the forbidden spell from
their aunts' book of spells, but Jimmy attempts to kill Gillian
after being revived. The sisters stop speaking to each other for
a while. The sisters visit the Claide-Henri's family's country
home for Sunday brunch, where Isabel meets Claude-Henri's mother
(Leslie Caron), and her handsome middle-aged brother-in-law,
Edgar. The situation becomes even more complicated when the real
Sebastian returns from London a day early, unbeknownst to Viola.
The situation comes to a head when Adam feels humiliated during
the trial when Amanda encourages one of her witnesses, a woman
weightlifter, to lift him overhead. The situation gets
complicated when Christopher falls in love with heiress Mary
Sharon after planning to swindle her when he finds out that she
receives a $50 million trust fund on her 21st birthday. The
situation gets complicated when the couple accidentally meet
outside their apartment, not knowing who the other is, and begin
to fall in love. The situation is awkward for all the Dabneys.
The situation is immediately complicated by persistent reporters,
a romantic interest for the fake mother, and a convention of
birdwatchers. The situation makes Gray finally realize that not
only is she attracted to women, but is falling in love with her
sister-in-law. The situation reaches a crisis when Gladys breaks
a date with Pete in order to attend what Adams says is a business
conference to discuss a cross-country publicity tour. The
situation reaches its head when Gus and Maria invite the entire
family to what was meant to be a "quiet" introductory dinner with
Ian's demure and private parents, and the evening is a failure.
The six women also do not want to return to their homes; they all
want to stay at the farm with their new suitors and hide so they
will not be taken back home. The skaters find evidence, in the
form of a cassette tape recording of the invalid ordeal, to kill
the deal. The skipper insists on being paid for Mirza's fare, but
none of the three have any money left. The small-town experience
soon humbles Ben when he misdiagnoses a young boy as having
mitral valve regurgitation leading to late cyanosis, a case the
town's curmudgeonly doctor, Aurelius Hogue, treats with a Coca-
Cola. The smells from Stephen’s dinner of mussels and coconuts
soon entice the hungry passengers to gather their own food; all
except Doris, who tricks Stephen to get his food and gets slapped
in turn. The soaked black cat watches his blue form walking away
and she falls for him. The soldiers let him in, and R sneaks
through the stadium following Julie’s scent to her house. The
song 'Beautiful Girl' is sung by Crosby at the beginning of the
film before his departure for Hollywood when technicians arrive
to record it. The song does reach number one; after briefly
celebrating his victory at a party hosted by Sir Elton John,
Billy discerns that Joe is in need of affection and suggests that
he and Joe celebrate Christmas by getting drunk and watching
porn. The song is an instant hit, and a bidding war starts
between Kemple and Klucke and Parker Pianos for the rights to the
song. The sorcerer's descendant, Count Gunther Spretzle, arrived
with the Enchanted Peasant Girl. The spaceman-João holds him at
gunpoint, and makes him leave and let the original events of the
night unfold. The spaceman-João then tells Helena to leave the
young João, become a model, and meet him again 20 years in the
future. The spaceman-João tries to convince the original-future
João that he must live his life normally, but the original-future
João refuses. The spaceship looks very human, but the aliens
don't know how to act in society and the ship displays numerous
superpowers. The spell becomes a curse for several generations.
The spirited Sarah is engaged to Lord Hugh, a wealthy but rigid
young nobleman, but she and her music teacher have fallen in love
("If You Could Only Come With Me"). The spring and summer fishing
season is in full swing with the annual quest to catch "Catfish
Hunter," a rather large catfish. The spunky Gladys pulls $1000 in
cash from her purse, complains that the man is too "stuck up" to
listen to her, asks "What sort of place treats people that way"
and starts to leave. The spurned lover Adonis (Vhong Navarro) has
to win over Athena's only son, Atong (Makisig Morales), to court
his single mom, Athena (Valerie Concepcion). The staff are his
old gang from his French Resistance days, paroled based on
patriotic war work as long as they keep clean. The staff help
them to climb over the tree. The staff is unenthused by "Rex
Manning Day", and ultimately many of the fans showing up to meet
him are either older women or gay men. The staff is very much a
surrogate family, with Joe as the reluctant and perpetually
exasperated but lovable father figure. The staff surmises that
"Warren" just needs a similar chance. The stage blacks out onto
three neon signs, reading "And so she lived … hopefully … ever
after". The station owner has hired Mike to do a segment on her
show. The steeple is destroyed by lightning, but everyone
survives. The stepfather attacks him and George knocks him down
before taking off. The store clerk does not believe Cash, so Cash
pulls out a gun and Jack offers to buy the ticket. The store is
located in a fictional city in Delaware, and, like its employees,
is eclectic and unique. The store opens its doors and collects
donations while selling food, drinks, and merchandise to raise
the remaining money. The story begins in 1992 when Will, an
idealistic political operative, moves away from Wisconsin and his
college sweetheart, Emily, to New York City, where he works on
the Clinton campaign. The story begins on "the strangest day" of
Larry Burrows' (James Belushi) life (his 35th birthday)
consisting of a series of comic and dramatic misadventures. The
story begins when Peter is sent to Manhattan to retrieve his
playboy cousin Keith (Ellison) and immediately falls in love with
Francey. The story begins with Agnes Nitt leaving Lancre to seek
a career at the Opera House in Ankh-Morpork. The story begins
with Dimple Chaddha (Parineeti Chopra) who is a spoilt brat since
her father Suresh Chaddha is the creator of "Chaddha Industries",
a huge finance company in Delhi. The story begins with Larry's
car, an old Ford LTD station wagon, stalled out in a dark alley.
The story begins with Rob entering his bedroom, and attempting to
masturbate with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich (similar to
the apple pie scenario in the first film). The story begins with
Samantha (Julianne Nicholson) breaking up with Allegra (Elizabeth
Reaser), a lesbian author who has had relationship problems in
the past. The story begins with Troubadour, a French speaking
turtle who loves songs tries to remind the narrator of a show
that he promised to Troubadour that one of his songs will be used
in the show. The story begins with a narration by Alejandro Lopez
as he retells the events of his father's life, Juan Lopez (Paul
Rodriguez), and how by selling oranges he changed their lives.
The story centers around four gay friends who have recently
graduated from San Torum High School. The story centers around
suburban housewife Beverly Boyer and her husband, a successful
obstetrician and devoted family man, Gerald. The story centers
around two characters Adam (Luke Treadaway) and Morello (Natalia
Tena) who end up handcuffed whilst appearing at T in the Park.
The story climaxes with Sylvester and Ketty escaping on the plane
for Toronto, New York City and Cucamonga, as Bugs watches them
go. The story concerns Kay Hilliard (June Allyson), a former
nightclub singer who discovers her husband Steven (Leslie
Nielsen) is having an affair with showgirl Crystal Allen (Joan
Collins). The story concerns a veteran playboy screenwriter named
Richard Benson (William Holden) who has been paid to write a
screenplay for his boss, mr Alexander Myerheim (Noël Coward). The
story contains a great deal of (in the words of Garp's fictional
teacher) "lunacy and sorrow", and the sometimes ridiculous chains
of events the characters experience still resonate with painful
truth. The story deals with the life of Garp. The story ends on
the couple's honeymoon. The story ends with Danny realizing the
nurse he talked to at the start of the film is the only girl for
him, and since he figures she's got to be back in Brooklyn
herself, and he's got all kinds of friends now, he's optimistic
about finding and winning her. The story ends with Elgar taking
custody of child, mending his relationship with Lanie, and moving
in with her and the baby. The story ends with Rob, Nathan, and
Lube returning the newly restored Bible to where Rob found it,
after Rob has added his signature to it. The story ends with
Rover teaching his kids how to play cards, and playfully chasing
Daisy around the farmyard. The story ends with a series of
mishaps and the prince's men closing in, but the author indicates
that he believes that the group got away. The story ends with the
older sister ultimately confessing her past to her husband and
the other parties to the conflict, saving her sister with the
truth. The story follows Jerry Welbach as he travels through
Mexico to find a valuable antique gun, The Mexican, and smuggle
it into the United States. The story follows a girl named Jessica
(Lara Flynn Boyle) and her attempt to get into Ramsey College, a
small college in Pennsylvania, and Marlon (Corey Parker), a boy
who tries to get into Ramsey to pursue Jessica, whom he is in
love with. The story follows the adventures of a circus bear
named Bongo who wishes he could live freely in the wild. The
story follows the escapades of a Florentine mechanic, a local
"Don Giovanni," who romances several women simultaneously and
secretly. The story he tells Maya is depicted in flashbacks. The
story is about Phileine (Kim van Kooten) and her actor boyfriend
Max (Michiel Huisman). The story is major news, and reporter Babe
Bennett (Winona Ryder), who works for a tabloid show called
Inside Access, has a co-worker pretend to steal her purse in
sight of Deeds, because their research indicated that Deeds
wanted to meet a girl by "rescuing" her, the same way his father
had met his mother. The story is set in 1750 during the time of
Louis XV. The story is set in New York City in the 1890s. The
story is set in Stonefield, a writer's retreat run by Beth and
Nicholas Hardiman, where the novelist Nicholas Hardiman stays to
find inspiration for his latest novel. The story is told from the
points of view of both Al and Imogen. The story is told in three
main arcs, with most of it occurring during a 24-month period
beginning and ending at Thanksgiving parties hosted by Hannah
(Mia Farrow) and her husband, Elliot (Michael Caine). The story
picks up when Jacqueline travels to the French Riviera to change
scenery, look for new adventures and search for an eligible
bachelor who has no prior knowledge about her frivolous past. The
story reminisces back to Mike's (Omar Epps, portrayed as a youth
by Sean Nelson) first encounters with Roland (Trent Cameron) and
Slim (Duane Finley), his first real crush on a girl named Alicia
(Malinda Williams), and the three young men's misadventures as
teenagers growing up in 1980's Inglewood, California ("The
Wood"). The story revolves around University of Melbourne film
studies students and roommates Mia (Frances O'Connor) and Alice
(Alice Garner), each of whom is experiencing various upheavals.
The story revolves around Zach asking each woman what he did
wrong in their relationship, so as to not make the same mistakes
with Abbey. The story revolves around a group of people who work
at a sandwich shop (that sells ten inch heroes/the sandwiches).
The story revolves around a struggle to determine which of
Satan's three sons will succeed their father (Harvey Keitel) as
ruler of Hell. The story revolves around a wealthy London banker
named Gerald Hardcastle (Niven) and his wife Prudence (Kerr), who
live together unhappily, sleeping in separate bedrooms and
speaking to each other only when necessary. The story sees
brother and sister Tom and Ellen Bowen as stars of a show Every
Night at Seven, a Broadway success. The story skips a year and
Darryl is shown to ask his mom to move into a deluxe apartment.
The story sparks a firestorm of accusations and reprimands. The
story starts in the small town of Carvel, where the honorable
judge Hardy (Lewis Stone) and his wife Emily (Fay Holden) eagerly
await their son's return from the military. The story starts when
she arrives in the midst of a family broken up by her brother's
unbridled womanizing—something that prefigures her own later
situation, though she would experience less tolerance by others.
The story starts with musician Ezequiel (Diego Peretti) having
only a few days left to prepare the soundtrack of a movie in
production. The story takes a turn for the worse when Helen's ex-
boyfriend and the father of her child tracks her down several
months after the accident. The story takes place in a small town
in Georgia. The story takes place on another planet, in full
outer space. The story, adapted by Grover Jones from a magazine
story by Australian author Wylie, casts Gloria as a streetwise
girl who is sent to a summer camp for wealthy girls. The story,
set in 1968, the year of the Prague Spring and the Soviet
invasion, features a planned escape to the West and the arrest of
one of its central characters for desertion from the army. The
stowaways are discovered, but the skipper (Michael Visaroff) is
satisfied when Phelps pays him their fare. The stranger is
dressed in native garb and takes Susan captive, but is soon
revealed to be Mario, the chef from their yacht, indulging a
whim. The stranger quickly heads for Osh's store, where it is
revealed that he is Tom Hamilton. The streets surrounding the
Winchester are overrun, so the group pretend to be zombies to
sneak past them. The strength of their love cures R of the plague
completely and their eyes turn gold. The strong possibility that
he is the father of Lola's child has been a secret between Lola
and Hlynur, and this is more than hinted at in the closing scenes
of the happy household composed of mother, son, Lola, and Lola's
baby who calls him Papa. The structure of the film consists of
several subplots which all revolve around an intertwined cast of
characters. The struggling company is run by the benevolent and
folksy Andrew "Jorgy" Jorgenson (Gregory Peck) and is the primary
employer in its small Rhode Island town. The students begin to
chant "Dewey. The students have terrible scores on their quizzes,
frustrating her even more. The studio chief warns Charley that if
he should make Adele unhappy in any way, there will be hell to
pay. The studio gets the help of animal specialist mrs Johnson
Martini. The studio has not been turning a profit, but financial
analyst Atterbury Dodd (Leslie Howard) advises against selling.
The studio head, in fear of the red-baiting going on in Hollywood
at the time, decides — true to Hollywood stereotype — rather than
stop production on the film to instead water down the pro-union
content wherever possible. The stunt is highly publicized and a
large crowd gathers the next day. The subject of affection, Anne,
convinces the local shipbuilders to work around the clock in
order to realize the revolutionary propeller. The subject of free
speech and Tommy's dilemma of conscience anchor the dramatic
subplot's social significance. The subplot of Billy seeking
revenge on the man indirectly responsible for his imprisonment,
Scott Wood, is a reference to a former Buffalo Bills kicker,
Scott Norwood, who missed the game-winning field goal in Super
Bowl XXV against the New York Giants in 1991. The sudden
appearance of Jimmy, his mother and father, and a prying neighbor
precipitates matters, with Peggy having spent the night there
suggesting a scandal. The summer after they graduated from high
school, Sally and Marty decided to attend the same college
together as Fine Arts students and took the entrance exams. The
summer culminates in a talent show. The supervisor, Keith Heading
(who is responsible for a virtual stolen credit card empire),
records Johnny stealing a returned credit card and cons him into
joining his credit card ring. The surgery is successful and
Grace, an artist, is able to live a normal life for the first
time. The surgery is successful and Ormsby refrains from charging
for it, but Danny does not rally to recover. The surprise comes
right before the band is to travel to Sun Valley, Idaho for a
Christmas gig. The surviving teams are Leslie with his loyal
mechanic Hezekiah Sturdy (Keenan Wynn), Maggie DuBois driving a
Stanley Steamer by herself, and Fate and Max. The survivors make
plans to leave town but, suddenly, the power returns and a TV
news story shows things inexplicably going back to normal. The
suspicious Sack takes the men on a hunting trip, where Jeremy is
shot in the buttocks. The switchboard operator Anna Mirelle
(Frances Drake) in an apartment building falls in love with
businessman Julian De Lussac (Cary Grant), who lives in the
building, whom she has gotten to know only over the phone. The
tables are turned when she scoops him by getting the real
perpetrator, Inez Cordoza, to confess to the crime. The tables
are turned, as Geoffrey is forced to admit to Ernest that he and
Elma are in love. The takeover attempt begins to fracture the New
England Wire & Cable family. The tale is called "Aschenputtel"
("Cinderella" in English translations). The taxi driver tells
Alain that he is being followed and manages to lose Manise again,
but Manise finds the taxi driver and shows him his badge. The
teacher (Patrick Swayze) asks if anyone wants to enter the big
dance contest and then dances with Katey for a bit. The team goes
to Mexico to complete the con. The team goes to st Petersburg,
where they must sell the rare book to Diamond Dog. The team's
head cheerleader, Mimi, falls for team mascot Joe, meanwhile, and
everybody pairs off with the perfect partner after the big game.
The team's skip, Chris Cutter, had skipped town ten years ago
over the shame of failing to call a burnt stone, abandoning his
fiancée Julie Foley (Donald's daughter) at the altar, and
throwing the team's stones into the lake. The teller informs him
that the computers are down, and asks him how much money he has
in his account. The tenacious Lois is struck by the gloomy loner
and sets about trying to break Eddie's vow of chastity and his
homicidal line of work. The tension and bickering between Walter
and Alison becomes too much for Cooper, and he abandons them on
the side of the road in the middle of nowhere and Alison hitches
a ride which turns out to be a big mistake, the guy stops at a
deserted little pocket of the road and tries to rape her, but
Walter comes to her rescue just in the nick of time. The terms of
her prenuptial agreement leaves her penniless, so she returns to
her family home in Flemington, New Jersey, to live with her
father, Paddy Kerrigan (Best), where she helps with the family
business, a bakery. The therapist is still not convinced and
still wants to have the man committed. The thief drops the loose
cash on the rails, getting run over and killed by another train
while picking it up. The thief had used the fake arrest to
transport Teri to his house without protest for a night of
romance. The thief then appears; Teri tries to return the ring,
since keeping it would raise uncomfortable questions. The third
Christmas of their relationship, Brad and Kate are trapped at San
Francisco International Airport by a fog bank that cancels every
outbound flight, and interviewed by a news crew, alerting their
families to the fact they're stuck at home for the holidays. The
third member of the group, Pola (Monroe), is extremely
nearsighted, but hates to wear her glasses where any man might
see her. The third stereotype is labeled The Exes. The third
wedding is that of Carrie and Hamish. The three Piggly Wiggly
store workers—Rosalee, Cathy, and Pete—are watching and as the
nurse on screen asks for forgiveness and the soldier agrees, the
women in the audience are moved to tears as Pete is clearly
unimpressed. The three Russians also accommodate themselves to
capitalism, but the last joke of the film is that one of them
carries a sign protesting that the other two are unfair to him.
The three astonished women faint dead away onto the floor. The
three became great friends, and enjoyed their childhood together.
The three convicts are Bee-Z Briggs, Lightfoot, and mr Johnson
(T-Bone, Chris Cole, and Montell Jordan). The three daughters are
instantly enamored with him and do all they can to impress him.
The three end up spending the night together. The three girls
then go to a nearby club and Abigail leaves to phone corrupt
police officer Tzedek (Ra'anan Hefetz) and tells him Joe and
Belle killed Matan. The three go for lunch at a restaurant and
meet Boris' friend, Leo (Conleth Hill). The three had been
friends since childhood, but no one besides the butler realized
Jeff's feelings. The three make several statements that hint at
the truth and their dispositions, while feigning formality and
the distance expected between the princess and two strange
journalists. The three meet Toshi Iwamoto (Sohee Park) and his
friends. The three meet and Piper introduces herself as "Anna",
in case Noah remembers her distinctive name from the adoption
process. The three men are reluctantly coaxed into the TV
reunion, with the gangsters tracking Riley to the studio. The
three men keep their promise to meet at the bar ten years later,
and quickly realize that they now have nothing in common and
dislike each other. The three now return home, only to find Diego
Vaz sitting in their garden, with the Rs. The three of them go
out to many dinners and spend time together. The three of them
walk toward what looks like a noose. The three of them, along
with Ben's partner Lloyd (David Alan Smith), drive to the area
where supposedly Freddie's body is. The three rush to the
hospital, leaving Scarlett's mother behind in the rush. The three
then creep up to Eric's house to drop off Jarrod's invitation to
the fight between the two of them. The three then enter the
elevator together before the door closes. The three women arrive
at his house while he is at the doctor's. The three work through
these problems, but then Cathy's mother (Barbara Rush) appears on
a surprise visit, snapping everyone back to reality. The three,
along with a blacked-out Mercedes (who they put in the trunk of
the car), end up getting into all kinds of trouble and hilarity
ensues as they cause ever more damage to the Cadillac. The three,
as well as Lisa's children from a previous marriage, go to a
magic show. The tipping point comes when, due to Dorothy's
popularity, the show's producers want to extend her contract for
another year. The title character, Carla "Campbell" (Gina
Lollobrigida), is an Italian woman who—during the American
occupation of Italy—slept with three American GIs (a corporal, a
sergeant, and a lieutenant) in the course of ten days, Cpl. The
title comes from a furious Nita turning a compressed air pellet
firing machine gun carnival attraction on the Americans. The
title refers to the leading character, the post mistress
Christel, in Carl Zeller's 1891 operetta. The town falls into
mourning at Sam's death. The town is called "the public opinion
capital of theS". The town is interested in both pieces, but will
only purchase one of them. The town is ridiculed in the press and
the expansion plans get an abrupt ending. The town of Pitchfork,
Arkansas makes national headlines when Esmeralda the sow gives
birth to 18 piglets. The town was forced to realize their
mistakes. The town-folks somehow always knew about his sexuality,
but never mentioned it publicly. The townspeople arrive with the
intention of lynching the Pontipee brothers for the kidnappings.
The trading post owner tells Yancy that he will have to ride two
more days to the nearest town to trade his furs. The trailer can
be found on the 2012 Blu-ray edition. The trailer contains three
shots from the "Zoe" segment not in the actual film: (1) Zoe
ordering room service, (2) A boy slams a pie in a girl's face at
a party, and (3) A different angle of Zoe's parents kissing right
before Zoe yells "cut". The train crashes while Helen is on
board, and she is mistaken for another pregnant woman, who was
killed on the train. The translation of the story into cultures
with different standards of beauty has left the significance of
Cinderella's shoe size unclear, and resulted in the
implausibility of Cinderella's feet being of a unique size for no
particular reason. The trial begins just before Christmas, and
rather than face a jury filled with the holiday spirit, Jack has
the trial postponed on a technicality. The trio have but just one
loaf of bread and a single solitary bean to eat. The trio spend
some time together in the park. The trio try to make money in
several different ways, including trying to sell a spot remover
that is so bad it dissolves clothes. The truth comes out
accidentally when Julie refuses to continue with the plan. The
truth is that Mary pretends to be suicidal, threatening to jump
off the balcony because Joe doesn't return her feelings for him.
The truth is, his wife (Natasha Gregson Wagner) is a real bitch.
The twins can't handle the idea of being separated, so they
travel together to Wainright College in hopes of passing
themselves off as one girl. The two Americans sell Bunny to the
carnival to replace their recently departed flea circus but agree
not to accept their payment until the carnival regains its
fortune thanks to Bunny and Brooklyn "ballyhoo". The two
acknowledge their love and, as the gallery portraits look on,
they fly up and crash through the roof. The two agree that this
is one of the nicest Valentine's Days they have ever had. The two
agree to wed only to pacify Helen's conventional immigrant father
Adolphe (Alphonse Ethier), whose Old World views spur him to
condemn their affair. The two almost kiss, but Jess pulls away,
saying her parents would object, and that although they had come
far enough to let her go to America to play, she doesn't think
they would be able to handle another cultural rebellion from her.
The two also feel jealousy when John becomes romantically
involved with a communist who commits suicide, and Franny finds
comfort, freedom and excitement in sexual relationships with
Susie the bear and Ernst, the "quarterback" of the radicals. The
two apologize to each other for their angry words, and soon start
becoming friends. The two are able to track it down at a
sweatshop that deals in stolen purses but for his efforts to
retrieve the purse Nick is punched in the face. The two are about
to board the plane when Joe arrives and confesses his love for
Jess. The two are hugging in the pool when Gail's husband, Mark
(Victor Garber), shows up. The two are married and they moved
into Rothbart's former castle, and they lived happily ever after.
The two are shifted to the couples' suite. The two are shown
passing each other on their respective ways to work, revealing
that they frequent the same neighborhoods in upper west
Manhattan. The two attorneys offer Jane $700 in compensation, but
Jane turns it down because the loss to her business reputation is
more than that. The two become fast friends. The two become
friends. The two begin a relationship, but Matt is frustrated at
how slowly Scott wishes to proceed. The two begin an affair,
although Isabel continues to string Yves along. The two begin an
affair. The two begin hanging out, and a deep friendship
develops. The two begin to date after this, with Kirk confiding
in her his dream of becoming a pilot someday, though Stainer
predicts their relationship will fail as he deems Molly a "10" in
a scale of attractiveness, and Kirk only a "5", telling him a
girl he loved once broke up with him for this very reason. The
two begins to get close and Jesse leans in to kiss her, just as
Fernando lunges in and hits Jesse. The two borrow some bikes to
explore the campus. The two brainstorm and come up with the idea
to find a "sinister-looking" book store in the Greenwich Village
neighborhood of Manhattan. The two break up, and Bryce is back to
square one. The two brides wrestle in their dresses on the floor
while the people closest to the brides having decided to let the
brides resolve the problem. The two combatants can't help being
attracted to each other though. The two cordially discuss history
and philosophy, but once Green has retired for the evening,
Hightower becomes drunk and climbs a tree with a noose, claiming
he wants to commit suicide. The two couple's prepare for their
weddings. The two couples experience the ups and downs of
pregnancy and along the way, build strong knots of friendship.
The two decide that their children should be married and come up
with a way to push the two together. The two decide that they
should be each other's first, and they make love. The two decide
to leave the party to walk alone and get to know each other a
little better. The two develop a friendship that culminates into
a disastrous one-night stand. The two developed a systemutilizing
a high-powered telescope and a code book of signals using
clothes, which enabled them to interact than what Sally parents
would allow. The two dine together and Jill tells Hal that she
has observed him overcoming his shallow nature and is interested
in dating him now. The two discussed about Sally's situation and
Nick told Marty to tell Sally that he misses her so much. The two
do not get along and end up arguing, while doing so attracting
the attention of a preacher who decides to teach them both a
lesson in cooperation and compromise. The two educate Cady on the
school's various cliques and warn her to avoid the most popular
and infamous one, the "Plastics", who are led by queen bee Regina
George and include rich but insecure Gretchen Wieners and sweet
airhead Karen Smith. The two end on good terms, John having
reconciled with Brooklyn. The two end up at a local bar where,
after several drinks, Meredith begins to enjoy herself. The two
engage in a fight with Minelli's goons, losing. The two engage in
an escalating battle of wits, with Max discovering money can't
resolve everything when he is outsmarted by business rival
Seymour Berger and his grandson Mike. The two engage in the stunt
together, and it has a profound effect on Nick, who thanks
Russell. The two engage on a whirlwind courtship—they pick a song
based on the records from Al's parents, eat a cake together, and
even make love. The two escape, stealing the white robes of Arab
prisoners to blend in with the snow. The two eventually kiss and
Elsie admits she may be falling in love, rebuffing Northbrook's
promised feint to help her leave the embassy. The two exchange
looks as she departs. The two exchange threats and insults in
front of their friends who decide not to take sides. The two
express guilt over deceiving Adam, but they also acknowledge they
can't stay away from each other. The two fall in love, but Mickey
is forced to return for the beginning of the NBA season. The two
fall in love, until Bongo immediately faces a romantic rival in
the brutish, enormously-shaped bear named Lumpjaw. The two fall
in love. The two fall in love. The two fight before teachers
intervene. The two fight until Jack breaks down, revealing that
he is still bitter and depressed about his wife having left him.
The two finally are united and Ida feigns confusion, but is
gleeful that her plan has succeeded. The two finally bond when
Ben saves Hogue after he suffers a near-fatal heart attack. The
two finally compromise: Billy must complete all 12 grades in two-
week intervals to prove he is competent enough to manage the
company. The two finally sit down to reconnect and Amelia tells
Laura about reconnecting with Andrew before urging her to go make
up with Frank. The two find out that there are many Lorenzo
Bartolinis living in the area. The two finds out Nick dating the
girl Marty met earlier across the street. The two flee to her
car, agreeing that they will not stop until they reach Ryan's
family. The two friends almost come to blows over Mima, but then
decide that she should choose between them. The two friends
resolve to reinvigorate their dating lives and achieve their
longterm goals—Jenn pushes the idea of innovative "warm" yoga
classes at her studio, while Matt works on his own comic book,
"Gayby"—about the adventures of a heroic gay baby—to pitch to a
distributor. The two get engaged at 26, and are expected to be
each other's maid of honor. The two go for a walk, where Sutter
introduces Aimee to alcohol and Aimee brings up getting accepted
into a college in Philadelphia, though she does not feel she will
be able to go as she must take care of her demanding mother. The
two go off together, while mr Jordan smiles and says "So long,
champ". The two go off, leaving the broken-hearted Buster behind.
The two go on one date where they confess their sexual problems
to one another. The two go to meet Dennis as he arrives at the
finish line. The two go to the beach and Lily finds a rock shaped
like a heart that she shows Jarrod. The two grew distant from
each other as they both enter college. The two had adventures
together frequently going to the comics store and in one occasion
took pictures of sleeping people. The two had an argument in
Marty's room and Sally found out her friend's secret drawings of
her. The two hang out more and more and eventually become best
friends. The two have a scuffle, during which Ben tells Zach that
while Georgia is OK, she isn't Clem. The two have sex for the
first time in a motel room that Justine pays for with her credit
card. The two have sex, but Jon is still dissatisfied. The two
have sex, however while Amelia is in the bathroom she receives a
call from Laura asking how her date was with "the ugly guy". The
two head for the Brinker home in Crestville, Indiana, to prepare
a feature story about eldest daughter Jeanne's wedding to Bud
Mitchell for the June issue. The two heroes then rush to the TV
station. The two hit it off right, away and Gloria/Marsha tells
Phillip she'll call him. The two immediately became best friends,
and as time passed, Marty developed romantic feelings for his
friend but such feelings remained unrequited. The two immediately
get into an argument, as their sparring occurs partly into the
movie. The two instantly bond and quickly get married, only to
realize they have little in common. The two jobs are in the same
building, forcing Greg to run from one to the other (up and down
the stairwell) without being detected. The two keep in touch by
writing letters, but Walter's luck has not changed. The two kiss
and Jess agrees to sort out their relationship (and her parents)
when she returns for Christmas. The two kiss and as Hannah turns
off the light, Tom says "Oh, Monica" and Hannah replies "Oh,
Bill". The two kiss and dance in the snow to the same song Connor
once hesitated to ask her to dance to. The two kiss and rejoin
the party. The two kiss in Adam's car, during which Rosie admits
that she's actually 40, only to be startled when Adam reveals
that he's actually 29. The two ladies, the 20-ish male laborer,
and another 20-ish male laborer from Okinawa, taste her ramen and
almost immediately become melancholic, the pain in Abby's ramen
bringing out their own. The two later become friends with
benefits. The two later get married and move to Washington,C. The
two lovers part for the last time without letting on they know
each other's secret, and Joan collapses after Dan is out of
sight. The two make light conversation until Kimberly pretends to
see a purse snatcher, putting Darryl on alert. The two make love
again, with far better results. The two make out passionately,
but stop when Alice is horrified to learn that Josh is now
engaged and was simply looking for closure. The two make up, and
with their new dog in tow, they hit the highway. The two make up.
The two meet and reconcile at mid-court, and as the arena lights
come on after the anthem, the entire crowd sees the two kissing.
The two meet in the Château de Vaux-le-Vicomte, where a movie is
being filmed, and fall in love. The two meet up again later that
night at a small club where Cecil likes to perform her original
songs to finish their conversation, and Cecil states her theory:
Eliot needs to take more risks. The two men ask Bob to serve as
bait to flush out the criminals. The two men become bitter
enemies. The two men engage in a brawl and eventually are
arrested. The two men head for the American consul, but leave
hastily without speaking to him when they find the skipper
already there lodging a complaint. The two men offer him £500 to
leave the country and never return; it seems Claude is engaged to
a rich widow, and they are anxious to avoid any scandal that
might endanger the marriage. The two men overcome their captors,
relieve Shevket of Mirza, and ride away. The two men show a close
bond, even in their professions, where the two are planning the
opening of a jointly sponsored community center. The two men then
return to the Banks' house, where the couple make up after Kay's
jealousy is revealed to be a misunderstanding stemming from
Buckley's late nights working at the office. The two men try to
coerce her into having sex with them, and a now frightened Tish
tries to run away but is held back by Tadd. The two monarchs
share their concerns about the role of leadership they have
assumed and the economic interests of their nations. The two
mothers urge Natalie to think about her future with Wesley. The
two of them decide to combine their talents and perform a song
that everyone can agree upon, and mr Romano (Greg Germann), their
music teacher, suggests a song called "Something to Believe In".
The two of them foil the plot to bring illegal gambling
activities to a small seaside town in Massachusetts. The two of
them happily watch a zombie movie with Bonnie. The two of them
have fun making a meal of boiled lobster together. The two of
them then embark on a California road trip to break the big news
to both of their uniquely dysfunctional families. The two older
men, thinking that she is unhappily married, propose to adopt her
and provide her with some clothes other than her bridal gown and
swimming suit, which is all she has at the cabin. The two
partners make a bet that the younger Klucke cannot take Ruth out
to dinner. The two party all night, and eventually Dimple passes
out of alcohol. The two quickly become friends, especially
bonding over their mutual adoration of the progressive rock band
Rush. The two reconcile and Naomi finally accepts his sexuality.
The two reconcile and plan their married life. The two reconcile
in Matt's bedroom for many hours, with his co-workers making a
new betting pool on the duration of their stamina. The two
reconcile their differences and get back together showing that
love can be obtained. The two reconcile. The two remaining cars
reach the Bering Strait and park side-by-side in a blinding
snowstorm. The two reminisce and reassess their feelings for each
other. The two reunite and express their love. The two reunite
when Miss Lily returns to the circus. The two rush to Darryl's
underground lair where he again turns into Blankman. The two say
goodbye, but soon, Preston stops and runs back to Amanda, and
they kiss. The two see the sights on his motor scooter and
eventually go camping together (he sleeps outside the tent),
without informing anyone. The two share a drink and Jesse shows
up. The two share a loving reunion, and Odette tells Derek that
the spell can only be broken by a vow of everlasting love. The
two share a romantic day, and they profess their love for each
other. The two sisters go to EastA. The two sleep together. The
two slowly start a relationship and Naomi applies for a job to
help her mother. The two soldiers and the skipper vie for the
veiled woman's affections. The two soon become best friends; they
watch films together and go ballroom dancing. The two soon become
engaged. The two soon begin to date. The two start a romance. The
two start to engage in sexual activity, but Peter abruptly cuts
it off because of his feelings for Rachel, and his now ambivalent
feelings towards Sarah. The two start to have marital problems,
leading to a separation. The two talk about the prospects of both
of them as romantic interests. The two talk about their
frustrations with their feelings for Josh and Lucy, and end up
sleeping together in an attempt to distract themselves. The two
talk about their romantic pasts and even kiss. The two talk and
Harper finally breaks down and admits the truth of his situation.
The two talk for a moment and Eliot declares his love, when the
sudden appearance of one of Cecil's old boyfriends interrupts
them. The two teams end up competing for the spot at nationals,
with Whittier's squad ultimately winning. The two teens soon
become inseparable friends; she shows him around London, with her
father blithely unaware of the relationship. The two then embark
on their holiday in Fiji. The two then embrace and kiss
passionatelyJ. The two then embrace their children and drive off.
The two then go to lunch, but Nicole hits Willboughy with a
broiled lobster when he spits out that Hawk is his uncle - after
going through an uninterrupted monologue on all the horrible
things Hawk has done, including building a parking garage on the
very same lot where Joe DiMaggio and his brothers learned to play
baseball. The two then part ways. The two then recruit Lucious
and the Reverend and all of them rush down to the Gospel
Explosion to join the choir for the performance. The two travel
Europe as she continues to win; Maggie eventually saves up enough
of her winnings to buy her mother a house, but she berates Maggie
for endangering her government aid, claiming that everyone back
home is laughing at her. The two try and go to Nick's friend's
wedding in order to find his friend to loan him money and instead
end up at an event where they are mistaken for members of the
band. The two vets meet in (and trash) "Donovan's Reef," the
saloon owned by Donovan. The two women ask the landlady if Novak
is living in Sylvia's apartment. The two women cheerfully realize
the truth—he has fallen in love. The two women declare war after
a slight misunderstanding that Liv already set her wedding date,
outraging Emma who sets her date as well, which Liv becomes aware
of at their shared shower party. The two women fight, and in the
struggle Jenny's superhero identity is revealed to Hannah. The
two women go out on a 'date' with a young man named Justin, who
is completely taken aback when Georgina announces that she has
one egg left. The two women leave for Rome the next day before
Lucy is able to say goodbye to George. The two women then are
recruited by the government to expose Count Bodinski (George
Givot) as a spy. The two work for rival newspapers, and their
ongoing efforts to better each other eventually leads to Ellen
getting fired when Curt tricks her into misreporting the verdict
of a murder trial. The unanimous vote for him convinces Wallace
that she is a witch. The unassuming pet photographer, Bryan
Lighthouse (Dave Annable) is thrown into a serious action and
romance adventure when he's forced to marry Masha Nikitin
(Katharine McPhee) to pay a debt to her criminal parents against
his will. The unborn child's father is dead, and knowing about
her condition would be too much for her own father to bear. The
uncle takes a liking to George and teaches him a Spanish dance.
The unexpected consequence of Nick’s saving Leila from hanging
herself is that Leila secretly follows her saviour, in her
nightdress and once again barefooted; and she appears in front of
his door that night. The usual pantomime and comic/supernatural
elements are removed and the story is instead treated as
historical fiction, set in Renaissance-era France. The various
boys whose reputations Olive helped improve are also shown
watching. The various school bands compete for points throughout
camp with East Great Falls leading on the last day, but an ill-
fated prank by Matt that was intended for the rival team, causes
the band to lose and East Great Falls band member Elyse to lose a
chance at a scholarship. The vegetarian Danny is craving meat.
The very next day, Troy asks Gabriella to the dance while on the
rooftop (seen previously in the first film as The Garden Club, a
place where Troy goes seeking some quiet). The very traditional
Fitzgibbon is further put off by O’Malley’s recreational
habits&nbsp;– particularly his golf-playing&nbsp;– and his
friendship with the even more casual Father Timmy O’Dowd (Frank
McHugh). The vicar asks whether Charles does love someone else,
and Charles replies, "I do". The vicar, mr Beebe, announces that
new tenants have leased a local cottage; the new arrivals turn
out to be the Emersons, who have been told of the available
cottage at a chance meeting with Cecil; the young man brought
them to the village as a comeuppance to the cottage's landlord,
whom Cecil thinks to be a snob. The victim, "Hot Horse" Harris,
turns out to be a bookie. The video reveals Joanna confessing who
she was in high school: an alpha-female bully, with the footage
showing proof of her tormenting Marni and other students. The
vision ends, and the three of them leave the cemetery. The visit
between the two families steadily descends into chaos,
culminating with everyone seeing Christine's glamour shots
manipulated into pornography on Brian's computer. The visit is
also the occasion of some bitter family strife. The visit is
followed by an invitation to a ball at the local assembly rooms
that the whole neighborhood will attend. The waiter tells the
police that Roberta paid him to rob Julie and Michael. The water
washes the white stripe off the cat, and also gives her a cold.
The weather clears in time, but in the morning they are
disappointed when no visitors arrive. The wedding day arrives.
The wedding day dawns, and though Toula is nervous, the
traditional Greek wedding goes without a hitch. The wedding
eventually ends, and they seemingly go their separate ways. The
wedding goes ahead as planned, and Bill presents Connie with a
wedding ring with their names engraved on the inside, just like
the real Patricia's ring. The wedding is a mixture of Jewish and
Christian symbolism, with a monastic chorus, harp music and
medieval minstrels. The wedding is called off until Peter can
clear himself by driving Christy to Doc's clinic in La Jolla to
confirm her instability. The wedding is conducted on-air. The
wedding is held as planned a day later, but when Claire sees
Robert as one of the guests, she realizes that he is the one she
loves and fakes fainting again. The wedding is off, but one of
the guests (Etienne Girardot) recognizes Sam and informs
Jonathan. The wedding is to take place the following day, and
Mia's mother Helen (Caroline Goodall) comes with her new husband
Patrick (Sean O'Bryan) and their newborn son Trevor. The wedding
takes place in the hotel lobby, but the groom has lost his ring,
and Smokey borrows one from Ed, which leads him to believe that
Smokey is the woman getting married. The week prior to the
opening, the worst rainstorm in 100 years is predicted to wash it
out. The weekend does not go as planned. The wet and weary couple
are found by a group of Mexican railroad workers, who, mistaking
them for newlyweds, welcome them into their crew car on a nearby
siding. The whole family is at the hospital to check on Edy. The
whole family, including Ian's parents, Rodney and Harriet (Bruce
Gray and Fiona Reid), and Angelo's business partner, Patrick,
pitches in to make it happen. The widowed Mortmain's second wife,
Topaz, is a beautiful artist's model who enjoys communing with
nature, sometimes wearing nothing but hip boots. The wildcat
carries the chase outside, getting more tired as Pepé pursues
her. The wildcat flees and hides inside a suit of armor with Pepé
in there. The wildcat hides inside a fortune teller's hut and
Pepé, disguised as a swami, predicts to her that she will meet a
fine gentleman. The wildcat then hides inside a replica of Madame
Pompadour's carriage and Pepé is in there again. The will also
stipulates that everyone will lose their inheritance if a scandal
involving Ann occurs before she is married. The will stipulates,
however, that she will only receive the money after she has been
married to someone who meets with the approval of her two prudish
aunts Sarah (Louise Fazenda) and Katherine (Ethel Wales) Harper.
The window falls on Tom's neck, and Tom shrieks in pain. The
winner will be crowned "Miss Gay Gone Wild". The winter months
slowly pass. The wise man runs in and tells the princess and Jeff
of the incorrect prophecy. The witches and their male
counterparts, warlocks, are very long-lived; while Samantha
appears to be a young woman, many episodes suggest she is
actually hundreds of years old. The witches determine that the
finances of the Opera House, which are a complete mess, have been
made so intentionally in order to hide the fact that money is
being stolen, with the murders being used either as a distraction
or to cover evidence. The witnesses testify against Joe but
refuse to testify against Monty, so Jennifer and Joe are jailed
without bail while the case against Monty is dropped. The woman
(Amy Aquino) reveals that she is, in fact, Tess’s secretary and
that Tess is the new junior executive for whom she is working.
The woman looks at the clerk awkwardly until her friend explains
"he means showers". The woman she had previously killed appears,
naked, and joins her to watch the sunset. The woman, his wife,
Anna Rodriguez (Elizabeth Peña) gives him a rather disgruntled
look before leaving to prepare for Jesse's return. The women
decide to stay and are all reunited with their men, though Maggie
ends not with Paul, but with Pete, who will be Paul's successor
in Madrid. The women go to Patricia's house to comfort her; they
soon realize that they are ruining their marriages and lives with
their constant selfishness, lies, dishonesty and inconsideration.
The women humor their father's old-fashioned ways, but each is
searching for fulfillment outside the family circle. The women
plan to use the apartment to attract rich men and marry them. The
women run into Salvadore who takes them to Eden East. The women
start to have a party for Candace, complete with their own blow-
up doll (named Idris), until Loretta makes up her own party,
which is boring. The women take a liking to each other so Dorothy
invites them to spend an evening out on the town with her and
John. The women talk about the constrictions of marriage. The
women vent their frustration and resentment by playing pranks on
the brothers, such as hitting them with rock-filled snowballs and
dumping basins of wash water on them. The women watch the game
together as a family in Mia and Lance's bedroom, while the men
attend the game. The workers' morale sinks, fearing the property
will be sold to a buyer that will close it down. The world-weary
Count travels to New York City with his bug-eating manservant,
Renfield, and establishes himself in a hotel, but only after a
mix-up at the airport causes his coffin to be accidentally sent
to be the centerpiece in a funeral at a black church in Harlem.
The writer and producer visualize the whole story sitting in the
office and the film progresses. The writer breaks up with Summer,
and Will starts a relationship with her. The young Frenchman
comes to the compound and, after proving himself a crack shot, is
hired to replace the Indian for the rest of the catching season.
The young João meets up with Helena, and tells her not to drink
Ricardo's champagne. The young Qi-sheng Liu (played by Zheng-
long) was experiencing writer's block on his new screenplay and
had just met a country girl Mei-yue Jiang (played by Xin-ya An).
The young and beautiful Suzanne O'Neill (Barbara Britton) works
as a waitress in her fiance William "Bill" Harris's (William
Henry) diner. The young boy starts to scream and Jennifer comes
to calm him down and has the boy tell her a bedtime story. The
young boy then reveals to Vince that he won't be going to college
because all of his and his sister's college money is being used
to pay for the wedding. The young couple reunite and are later
married at sea. The young lady promptly returns to Orlando to
visit her sick mother. The young man quickly gains the attention
of the Princess and they dance. The young people have never met,
being away at school while the old folks have been cementing
their friendship. The young woman Charity Hope Valentine is a
taxi dancer at a dance hall called the Fandango Ballroom in New
York City. The young woman attempts to extricate herself from the
affair—or perhaps force her lover into taking the next, more
permanent step—by dating a younger man, off-off-Broadway
playwright Steven Routledge. The young woman is torn between love
and fortune, and Lady Shane is reminded of her own youth ("The
Call of Life"). The young, idealistic, and terribly handsome
writer of the novel that the film is based on, Rick Foster,
quickly gets roped into convoluting the plot of this already-bad
adaptation of his heartfelt book largely because of a chance
meeting between him and the film's star, Guy. The younger one,
however, is wiser and wins her in the end. The youngest,
Professor Bertram Potts (Gary Cooper), is a grammarian who is
researching modern American slang. The zombies are very lethargic
for the most part, have limited speech and short memories, and
are notably illiterate. The zombies have been changing like R,
and experiencing things such as dreams and old memories. The zoo
janitor Duda and Kiko and Zeca friends form a group of animal
protection. The zoo staff, led by the 28-year-old head keeper,
Kelly Foster (Scarlett Johansson), help to start renovating the
zoo with the intent to reopen it to the public. The “kids” form a
group with Val as the leader. Thea Clayhill is about to lose her
position as secretary to a very cranky publisher. Thea convinces
the author that they are the right "home" for her book. Theater
background, Didi see the confusion and tries in vain to help the
novice. Theater owner and womanizer Martin Cortland (Robert
Benchley) enlists the aid of his manager Robert Curtis (Fred
Astaire) to woo dancer Sheila Winthrop (Rita Hayworth) but is
caught by his long-suffering wife Julia (Frieda Inescort), who
hints that he's gone too far this time and his increasingly
unbelievable excuses might soon be judged by "twelve strange
men". Their "Wedded Bliss" agency purports to bring together
lonely hearts using computer-matching technology, but couples are
actually paired up by Sophie. Their apparent leader turns out to
be Johnny, Omar's childhood friend. Their applications are all
successful and the group travel to the drama camp. Their argument
ends with David saying: "Tomorrow I'm shooting a commercial about
a family who loves each other, who cares about each other. Their
aunt sells Mary's car and Prada purse ('from Prada to nada').
Their bargaining attracts the attention of a street reporter
(John Ridgely), and the story of the humble office worker turning
down a large sum of money gets into the media. Their big boss,
Chief Commercial Officer Albert, who is also the president,
assigns this deal to Georgina and asks Pong to assist her while
he is away for a sabbatical. Their biggest rivals are the 5-year
champion, Sweetness (Wesley Jonathan) and his crew, the
Sweetwater Rollers. Their car breaks down at the motel opposite
the Wild West Show. Their chemistry is apparent the moment they
start talking. Their chief asks one last time if anyone else will
volunteer, but there are no takers and Joe heads for the volcano.
Their class visits the Trevi Fountain, where Lizzie is approached
by an Italian pop star named Paolo who mistakes her for his
singing partner, Isabella. Their coach, Jim Hadley, is equally
pleased because his ill wife has gone to warmer Glendale,
California for her health, so he will now be able to spend more
time with her. Their conversation about her hard day at the White
House fending off calls from the "fish peddler" is overheard by
David, who assures Mary that he will speak to the President,
despite her interference. Their courtship becomes headline news,
and although she is not in love with him, Carol is afraid to tell
him the truth for fear that he might walk out on his contract.
Their date is interrupted by Dudley's commanding officer, captain
Hornby, who has them arrested and arranges for Margie herself to
christen the ship with the bottle of French champagne. Their
daughter Sally (Naomi Watts) has a troubled marriage with author
Roy (Josh Brolin), who once wrote a successful book, and is now
anxiously waiting for response from his publisher about the
manuscript of his newest one. Their daughter, Stephanie (Suzanne
Ventulett) and her boyfriend, Carl (Michael Stoyanov), find the
images weird, but their son, Alan (Danny Cooksey) enjoys it.
Their departure is delayed when Margaret slips on the cork of a
champagne bottle opened by Robert and is forced to spend a day in
the hospital. Their difficulties are presented as stemming from
class and emotional differences as well as from those of gender.
Their dorm room features walls covered with posters for horror
and porn movies, as well as Christmas lights and cut out pictures
of women’s breasts, which is dubbed Rob’s “wall of tits. Their
ensuing romance opens new possibilities for both; but also draws
the attention of the Soviet authorities. Their enthusiasm is
interrupted, however, when Harriet learns that her new boyfriend,
British special forces captain Robert Meyers (Tom Mison), is
missing in action. Their fate intertwine with each other after
Pampinea's father died and Gerbino robs Pampinea of her fortune,
saying her father was in debt. Their fears seem to be confirmed
when everyone on the staff receives a pink slip printed out by
the new payroll computer. Their first date follows Annie's
singing audition for a night club ("It Had to be You"). Their
first date is at the Westminster Dog Show, where they run into
Piermont again. Their first few practices do not go well. Their
first meeting is awkward as everyone seems to dislike each other
and they make small rude remarks. Their first two "dates" end
badly. Their friends clash memorably one Wednesday night when his
Poker Club and her Drama Society both convene at Marilla's
apartment. Their horse does not even place, but Freddie informs
Jean afterward that he sold their half for $6000. Their impatient
financial backer Miss Totten (Mary Field) suddenly demands that
they finish their work soon. Their initial conversation is
interrupted by the screams of the biscuit-loving woman, who has
severely injured herself jumping from a window. Their initial
meetings are awkward for the cosmopolitan Parks and the less
sophisticated Moore, as they go to a Japanese restaurant and a
bohemian nightclub in Manhattan. Their lawyers look on, confused
by their laughter. Their lifestyle is generally co-dependent,
involving them living together, going to dance classes together,
etc. Their lives become even more complicated when Wendy's
parents (Dominic Ochoa and Gardo Versoza) add their own clauses
to the prenup. Their lives intersect when Elisabeth cuts the
sponsorship of the company to school of Mel, which causes it to
go to the company to complain. Their lives were perfect – on the
surface. Their longtime cook mrs McKessic (Marjorie Main)
arranges a meeting of the neighborhood servants, in which they
decide to band together against the attempts by many of their
employers to spy on them to learn who the writer is. Their maid,
Christina, leaves because Charles has no money to pay her. Their
marriage results in a new book intended to end the battle of the
sexes, with the pair ultimately singing "Here's To Love". Their
marriage starts to deteriorate when they stop having sex and
becomes worse when their friend Gerber and new Polish wife,
Kasia, whom he had met the night before, show up and he tells Ava
about Charlie’s first marriage 10 years ago, that she never knew
about. Their meeting with MET gets canceled. Their method (shown
in several action sequences) is to chase the selected animal
across the plains with a truck, driven by Pockets. Their mutual
attraction grows, and Carter is seemingly beginning to give up
his libidinous liaisons, until one afternoon when Carter asks her
over to his apartment, not on a personal level, but to take some
dictation. Their nuptials get further delayed when Violet gets
accepted into the University of Michigan's post-doctorate in
psychology program which lasts two years. Their nuptials get
interrupted when Tom's best friend Alex Eilhauer (Chris Pratt)
gets Violet's sister Suzie (Alison Brie) pregnant at Tom and
Violet's engagement party and the two marry before Tom and
Violet. Their only defence is the women and their “Personality
Mops”, when the army quits, over back wages; and, Kelly is being
marched off in front of a firing squad. Their own tumultuous
marriage revolves around Norma's alcoholism and alleged affairs,
but the long-term bond between them is evident in Evan's
flirtatious anecdotes about Norma while playing piano at the
Thanksgiving gatherings. Their parents arrange a series of
meetings between the two and they eventually fall in love. Their
politeness towards him is insincere and makes him feel
embarrassed and uncomfortable. Their primary concern is that
although rooms with a view of the River Arno have been promised
for each of them, their rooms instead look over a courtyard.
Their relationship becomes even more troubled with the
introduction of Macoy. Their relationship comes to a head after
the latest in an escalating series of, "Why can't you do this one
little thing for me. Their relationship didn't work out and when
she met Frank 2 years later, they reunited together. Their
relationship grows intimate and they have sex, to her father's
concern. Their relationship having become romantic over the
course of their correspondence, they have made a secret pact to
reunite and run away together. Their relationship is on the rocks
and they are even considering a divorce once Lacey goes off to
college. Their relationship is on the rocks. Their relationship
is on-again/off-again, and when Madeleine meets the French star
Jean-Fidel Mileau (Jean-Pierre Aumont) it provokes changes in the
way she and Harris feel about each other. Their relationship is
shown in a photo montage; the montage ends with Celeste walking
away from Jesse during a party. Their relationship is strained,
as Elgar has an affair with one of his tenants, Fanny (Diana
Sands), and gets her pregnant. Their relationship resumes, with
Jon watching pornography primarily outside his apartment,
concealing his habit from Barbara. Their relationship revives
her, sparking a distinct change in her personality. Their
relationship slowly deteriorates, and Gerald leaves her after
unintentionally driving his 1958 Chevrolet convertible into the
surprise $5,000 ($ today) swimming pool the soap company built
where their garage used to be. Their relationship, combined with
his deception, complicates his now-busy schedule. Their
relationship, which starts out reluctantly, gradually grows
stronger. Their scams are aimed not at turning a profit, but at
getting enough to eat. Their second date is at a movie theater
where another of June's brothers (Phillip Terry) works. Their
situation turns worse when Miggy has to fix a few issues in the
plant when he accepted orders from his brother Art's ex-
girlfriend, Christina. Their subsequent acts show 'Fearless'
doing more dangerous acts, usually getting injured. Their talk is
interrupted by the arrival of the FBI, who have been called to
investigate Joe for spying, thanks to the neighbor. Their teenage
daughter Miranda (Virginia Weidler), however, is thrilled. Their
wedding goes as planned despite many friends' comments that the
marriage will not last, an embarrassing best-man's speech, and a
coughing priest. Thelma Lou laments about Barney's not calling,
but she follows Andy to the school where Barney, in clown makeup,
is playacting for a classroom of students. Then Andre spots
Simone. Then Basil strangles Manuel. Then Britney breaks up with
Rick for Ashley. Then Britney points out that all their steps are
repetitive and that they have their secret weapon: Krumping. Then
Crystal mentions the name of her fiancé, none other than Claude
Dabney. Then Diane shows up. Then Dingle runs into Sergeant Joe
Carter (Joel McCrea), who has no place to stay while he waits to
be shipped overseas. Then Frank tells her that her mother is in
the hospital. Then George threatens Tom to stay away from Lucy.
Then Jay states that he does NOT take Darla, and she says SHE
would not marry HIM, either - she is in love with, and carrying
the baby of, his brother Rick. Then Josh, who is the son of rich
shipping magnate (Charles Coburn), has to fend off his fiancee,
Gloria (Judith Barrett), and his father's wishes that he settle
down and take over the family business. Then Jüttner receives a
letter from the king ordering him to inform Karl that he has
selected a princess for him to marry. Then Kellermann shows up to
take the job Karl had offered him. Then Mae's friend Doberman
explains how badly she hurt Mae, that Mae thought of her as the
daughter she never had, and that Mae helps those who are shy,
need a helpful push, or are not as pretty as Kitty. Then Nicky
sees Cassius on television, possessing the referee of a
Globetrotters game. Then Philadelphia Phillies' players Mike
Lieberthal, Doug Glanville, and Pat Burrell, along with
outfielder Ken Griffey, Jr, make appearances at the end of the
film. Then Raymond shows Claude the writ, proving Crystal is not
the wealthy woman she pretends to be. Then Roy begins snapping
every club in his bag in a fit except the 7-Iron "Then there’s
the 7-Iron. Then Shevket reveals that both guns are empty; he did
not wish to wager his life with a "dog". Then Shirley tells all
her children that she wants them to do the right thing, although
she will be gone forever. Then Stacy tells Melissa that she
realizes she made a big mistake with Nick and realizes she has to
end it with him. Then Susan joins the Harvey Girls, and she soon
becomes their leader in fighting against the attempts by Trent's
business associate, Judge Sam Purvis (Preston Foster), to scare
them off – and against the animosity of the dance-hall girls and,
apparently, prostitutes, led by Em (Angela Lansbury), who is in
love with Trent, and who sees Susan as a rival. Then Tony gets
drunk and dives off the board himself while dressed in formal
evening clothes. Then Troy confronts Sharpay, informing her that
he will not sing with her. Then Val enters mentioning that he has
also kissed her, a fight begins and escalates when others enter.
Then Victor tells Joseph Ridgeway, Laura's father, that Alexis is
a fraud. Then a couple takes an interest in adopting Tommy. Then
a few weeks later, Michael dies of a heart defect on the soccer
field while Halley, Scarlett and other classmates watch
helplessly. Then after a day on the Rhine, Lili begins to fall
for him. Then an outraged husband (John Murray) shows up to shoot
him. Then comes a new girl in the office - Jennifer. Then comes
unexpected news: Madison is not dead but alive and well and at
the Allied 6th relocation center in Southhampton. Then dr
Sanderson (Eduard Franz) says the Indian may die without a
transfusion of rare type AB Negative blood. Then he and Jennifer
crash the wedding, though they are at cross purposes. Then he
attends the 50th wedding anniversary party of his friend, Rosie
(to whom he has been giving singing lessons). Then he brings
Steve in and leaves the couple alone to reconcile. Then he
confesses that he loves her, and that is why he is trying to
better himself, even though he knows his cause is hopeless. Then
he gives Henry a Beach Boys CD. Then he goes on to promote him in
return for exclusive privileges to borrow the apartment. Then he
has an idea. Then he is off. Then he is shot by his secretary.
Then he is visited by a distraught Maxl Schinner. Then he
receives an envelope addressed to North. Then he returns too late
to make a sales presentation at an important business meeting,
causing the loss of a lucrative contract. Then he reveals his
identity. Then he sends his own girl friend, Countess Campanella
(Betty Lawford), to Honolulu to get her out of the way as well.
Then he sets her to work not only in the office, but also at
welding and other assembly tasks. Then he telephones a newspaper
to report his "ransom" demand of $200,000. Then he tries to hit
on the ghost of girlfriends present, but Melanie informs Wayne
she is one of the attendees and vanishes. Then he unexpectedly
receives a medical discharge. Then her uncle arrives. Then it is
revealed under the blanket she has a baby, and behind Terry is a
little boy. Then one day, Nancy finds out she is pregnant. Then
she breaks up with her husband. Then she demands that he go into
his uncle's meatpacking trade after all. Then she encounters
Rowena, who informs her that Denys has accepted a well-paying job
in Hollywood as a private secretary, rather than pursuing a
career as an artist. Then she places Jack's suit in the shower,
so that it gets wet. Then she sees a candelabra and roses weaving
their way through the crowd, behind her parents, and it is Don.
Then she talks to Joyce about how God works through people's
prayers. Then she tells him to leave before she goes to work.
Then she went home, passed Lori off as her niece, and had her
parents raise Lori, all due to pressure from the network. Then
she's arrested, which leads to Martha telling the local
authorities her story. Then something unexpected happens. Then
the circus tent burns down. Then the clergyman appears and
announces he believes it all to be a practical joke. Then the
family misreads the address, moves into the wrong house, and are
forced to leave in the middle of the night, ending up in a
decrepit shack on a public beach with a constant stream of beach-
goers tromping through. Then the fathers try another tack. Then
the fun begins for good-natured Juan Lopez, who has to avoid
temptations and the greedy people that suddenly pop-up in his
life. Then the plotters set their plan into motion, stealing the
prototype and burning down the workshop with their copy inside.
Then the real trouble begins. Then the sculptor reveals that Kate
was his unfinished business and he had to get her to do the right
thing before moving on, which he does. Then they find out that
Fran has left the house. Then they hitch a ride with some local
farm workers. Then they kiss, serenaded by applause by customers
on the tour bus. Then they run into a typhoon. Then two asylum
guards show up to collect Boney, but he manages to get away. Then
when she attempts to straighten things out, Mary is found at
Finch's studio by Molly. Then when they focus on business talk,
he switches to his true self, embarrassing the women for their
earlier stereotyping. Then, Alexis makes his entrance and is
greeted by Victor as "your highness", much to Laura's
embarrassment. Then, Detective Fritz (Alan Mowbray) arrives,
flushes out the robber, and takes the two into custody. Then, Jim
persuades Connie to rent the vacant apartment to his old Army
buddy Bobbie. Then, Olaf announces Tom and Jenny's engagement at
his party. Then, Sunny is spotted in an airport leaving for
Mumbai, with the Rs. Then, Tina, upset with Monica's sassy
attitude, punishes her which leads to an injury and she forces
Whittier to choose between her friendship and the squad. Then,
Viola is summoned to court to receive approval for her proposed
marriage to Lord Wessex. Then, an employee of hers tells her
about a man wanting to see her. Then, at one stop, Diane secretly
calls her mother and asks her to do something to stop Larry from
going to China (which he insists on doing alone). Then, during
his first boxing match, after nearly getting knocked out, Todd
has his second "wolf-out" only this time he is able to display
his supernatural agility and strength and has a dramatic come
from behind victory, thus earning the admiration of the students
as well as the strict Dean Dunn (John Astin). Then, feeling
lonely, he tries to get someone to have dinner with him, but all
the employees have other plans. Then, he asks Plum to marry him.
Then, he lost Laida, which destroyed him, and couldn't cope with
everything so he lost the aircraft to the Ortegas. Then, she and
Freddie are also picked up by the police. Then, she receives a
wedding invitation from her daughter Susan (Elizabeth Taylor).
Then, six months later, she starts an affair with her old high-
school boyfriend, due her husband's cheapness, despite making a
big salary, and constant busy schedule with his football career.
Then, the couple bump into Paige's ex-boyfriend, Scott, a
journalist. Then, when Pike's suspicious minder/valet Muggsy
(William Demarest) discovers the truth about her and her father,
Pike dumps her. Then, when Ricardo meets Nancy, he instantly
knows that he has found the perfect young woman for the role.
Then, when Tom and Gerry reveal that they met because they are
both identical twins – a fact which explains the opening sequence
of the film – Hackensacker and his sister are elated. Then, when
he has her sneak out to pose for a painting in his room, she is
seen by nosy Professor Whitman (Mary Wickes), who misinterprets
the situation. Then, while she sings "Frankie and Johnny", she
silently signals to Dan Flynn that he should go to her room to
wait for her, even though she knows Chick is in there with a gun.
Theodora Lynn (Irene Dunne) is a Sunday school teacher and former
church organist in Lynnfield, Connecticut, raised by two spinster
aunts, Mary (Elisabeth Risdon) and Elsie Lynn (Margaret McWade).
Theodora becomes annoyed when Michael smugly assumes that she is
a teetotaler, so she orders a whiskey. Theodora determines to
free Michael just as he had done for her. Theodora returns to
Lynnfield and is warmly welcomed as a celebrity, even by her now-
supportive aunts. Theodora travels to New York City on the
pretext of visiting her black sheep Uncle John (Robert Greig),
but actually goes to see her publisher Arthur Stevenson (Thurston
Hall). Theodore agrees to a sham marriage so she can spread the
message of the benefits of Communism to the rest of the world.
There Dolly is rudely surprised to discover that Steve is far
from rich, nor does he own a plantation (though he lives next
door to one). There Nikko runs into his old band members, leading
to an awkward confrontation and a lot of mockery from Flux. There
Nina meets George Hanson (Paul Rudd), a young, handsome, and gay
first grade teacher. There a befuddled Stanley confesses to the
grim-faced police sergeant that he has lost the baby. There
appears to be an interception and Chicago seems to have won, but
when the mud is removed it is seen that the player is none other
than Dodge Connelly, who disguised himself as a Chicago player on
the play. There are a host of colourful supporting characters,
among them a newlywed couple living above Deep's flat, Nicky's
handsome lawyer, and the very sexy owner of a rival advertising
agency. There are also a group of thirteen man-crazy mountain
women called the Kittyhawks who create havoc. There are also
scenes from the previous summer when they both took a road trip
across the Utah desert and share a great time depicted in a quiet
serene backdrop with no signs of mundane life and worries. There
are deposits of it on the tiny Pacific island of Waponi Woo.
There are discussions at their business lunch of how she has made
certain life realizations, with an unsaid declaration that Frank
is stunted emotionally. There are randy nuns, Saracen pirates,
and a sexy cow. There are so many people that they run out of
tickets, forcing Benjamin and Kelly to look for more. There comes
an incident in sixth grade when, much to Bryce's chagrin and
irritation, Juli constantly sniffs Bryce's hair in spelling from
her assigned position behind him. There he confesses to her that
he's fallen in love with the nun who kissed him whilst
blindfolded, the woman whose face he never got to see. There he
encounters Paula Gilbert and her beau Jackson Wallace, promptly
stealing her coat and his tux. There he is celled with the
irrepressible Max, a con man who has grown far too comfortable
with the familiarity and security of his "idyllic" life behind
bars, but one who also helps plant an idea in Henry's mind which
will change his life forever: for a man to find his purpose, he
must first have a dream. There he is mistaken by Laura for an
employee; Alexis is enchanted, without knowing who she is. There
he meets Dzerzhinsky who is on his way to the mansion to be
married to 'Pampinea' (actually Melissa) and the two team up to
take out Gerbino's men. There he meets Elena played by Marinescu.
There he meets a young failed actress (Veronica Lake, credited
only as "The Girl") who is just about to quit the business and go
home. There he meets the amateur songwriting team of Barney
Millsap (Cliff Osmond), a gas station attendant, and piano
teacher Orville Spooner (Ray Walston), a man easily given to
jealousy. There he meets the much younger Daphne Delillo, and
when she moves to New York to work as a network sports reporter,
their attraction develops into a relationship. There he sees a
young woman named Lucy Whitmore, who makes architectural art with
her waffles. There his missed shots impress the picnicking
colonel and his daughter Betty when Dodo accidentally shoots a
hawk through the eye whilst in flight and after the colonel
catches a fish who breaks the line and is in the process of
rolling back into the water, an accidental discharge from Dodo's
pistol shoots the fish through his eye. There is a Fourth of July
celebration in which Oliver Dana gives a speech. There is a final
confrontation in which Albert and Lucy quarrel in front of Casey
about her custody, which degenerates into a literal tug of war
with each parent pulling on one of Casey's arms, ignoring her
pained protests. There is a meeting in the Coach's tiny office,
complete with mini water cooler, where they argue about the
situation. There is a momentary power outage, and when it comes
back Eleanor is kissing Joe, Emma is drinking everyone's wine,
and Ruby screams when she sees that Bucky has collapsed. There is
a mysterious nightfall plane delivery for Mike's and Danny's
friend Vince, who is smuggling valuable furs. There is a problem:
the laboratory's security chief, Homer Cripps, after observing
her mysterious behavior and curious, code-like phone calls,
concludes that Jennifer is a Soviet spy. There is a slight spark
of attraction, but Emma flees the scene before anything can
happen. There is a struggle; in the confusion Wheezy Joe mistakes
his gun for his asthma inhaler, and kills himself. There is also
Gregory Maguire's novel Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister, which
gives the classic story from the view of one of the ugly
stepsisters. There is also a photo showing Tillie with the twins.
There is also chemistry between Kat and her Anglo-American
employer, Tim (William Moses), a father who has hired her to look
after his young daughter, Phoebe, while his wife is away. There
is an acute shortage of low-cost housing, exacerbated by
Johnson's plans to tear down what he has and rebuild more
expensive units. There is an explosion and then we see all four
afloat a pile of wreckage. There is an old rivalry between the
bookish Palmer and onetime college football jock Shep Slade (Don
DeFore). There is an unbroken 21-year tradition that Donovan and
Gilhooley have a knock-down, drag-out fight every birthday—-to
the delight of the local observers-—and their 22nd year does not
break the tradition. There is disagreement on medical, religious,
financial and other matters. There is general agreement amongst
the dancers that she needs to be "laid down". There is mutual
attraction, but Barbara insists on a long-term courtship, which
proceeds for over a month without sex. There is no call: the
waiter turns out to be the real Alexis Paneiev. There is no
formal backstory, but it’s clear that they have a history
romantically. There is no obvious 'happy ever after'. There is
one problem in his marriage: their sex life has stagnated,
leaving Richard frustrated and sex-starved. There is still one
big twist that could ruin their relationship forever in the end.
There she finds a necklace hidden away, which leads her to assume
Bob is a thief. There she finds a pair of silk stockings for sale
and is entranced by their smoothness. There she meets Bill
Burnett who lives in Bali and is holidaying in New York. There
she meets Demetria Rosemead Hotchkiss (Crystal Hunt), known as
Dinky, also an upcoming member of the Kappa Sorority, and the two
quickly become friends. There she meets Donald's upstairs
neighbors, his ex-fiancée Cynthia and her father, roguish David
Slater. There she meets Grant Fockyerdoder, with whom she forms
an instant attraction. There she meets a famous producer Jerry
Taylor (Pat Mastroianni) who offers her a chance to star in his
newest show on Broadway. There she meets and falls in love with
James McDonald (Pat O'Malley), a cigar salesman. There she meets
and starts a relationship with Shep, Denny's producer, a
questionable character in his 40s. There she meets and takes a
liking to Tony, but he is more interested in Sylvia. There she
plans to get a divorce and meet a wealthy second husband who can
help Tom. There she takes over his life, arranging for lessons in
comportment and charm. There she witnesses Lorenzo, whom she'd
long had feelings for, having sex with the nuns and get jealous.
There they are forced to aid each other in overcoming their
particular problems. There they get high from eating marijuana
cookies, and fantasize out loud about ways they would kill each
other. There they meet Derrick who is seat filling. There they
meet a Viennese Jew named Freud who works at the resort as a
handyman and entertainer, performing with his pet bear, State o'
Maine; Freud comes to symbolize the magic of that summer for
them. There they plan to pay a visit to shady businessman Ripley,
who foolishly bragged to them in prison years before about a
cache of uncut diamonds hidden in his home. There they stumble
across the harp locked in a small box, as she explains that she
was kidnapped by a "wicked giant". There's Always Vanilla follows
the life of Chris Bradley (Raymond Laine) a formerS. There's also
temptation for Les in the form of sexy neighbor Jackie, who gives
him a copy of "The Joy of Sex" as a gift. There's enough money
for Vic to be a good guy and give a cut to the two guards, who
were in on the robbery with Vic, and had gotten fired. There's
just one problem: she's afraid of animals. There, Billy and Sam
talk with the bachelorette and her maid-of-honor from a
bachelorette party while Archie goes dancing. There, Christine
decides to play a joke on Douglas. There, George finds himself
attracted to Alicia, but she is already dating a British
professor, Nathan. There, Joe passes along information from mr
Jordan that Farnsworth's body is in a refrigerator in the
basement of the mansion. There, John discovers that its general
manager is Cynthia, and the two are reunited in business as well
as in love. There, Leo meets hunky Irishman Brendan (James
Purefoy) whom he develops a crush on, which he reluctantly
reveals to the group. There, Sherman sets his plan into motion.
There, Tang Wu, (Benson Fong) a Chinese businessman whose store
was damaged during Herbie's rampage, demands compensation that
Jim can no longer afford. There, a drunken Beck tells Jerry about
the gun's history as a suicide weapon used as part of a jilted
love-triangle between a woman, a nobleman, and the son of the
gunsmith who forged the weapon, as well as its curse to misfire.
There, he finds Teresita singing as one of the carnival's
attractions. There, he is ambushed by two hounds, named Napoleon
and Lafayette, and the cats are stranded in the countryside,
while Madame Adelaide, Roquefort the mouse, and Frou-Frou the
horse discover their absence. There, he is knocked out by Larsen
with a shovel. There, he meets the girl of his dreams Carla
Sampson (Janet Jones). There, he persuades Wessex to wager £50
that a play can capture the true nature of love, the exact amount
Shakespeare requires to buy a share in the Chamberlain's Men.
There, he tells her how much she changed him, and it is obvious
she wants him but turns him down anyway; he says he wished there
could be a middle ground for them "somewhere between a blonde and
a brunette", referring to her real persona, where she was a
brunette. There, she finds an office of men overseen by office
manager mr Saxon (Gene Lockhart). There, she inadvertently loses
50,000 francs playing baccarat against him, and is asked to pay.
There, she is visited once again by Jenny, who gives her the
letter that Lindsay had written for Jenny. There, she threatens
to expose the labour violations unless Joe, the proprietor,
allows her to manage the plant. There, she will await her reign
once her grandmother, Queen Clarisse (Julie Andrews), steps down
as Queen. There, she, a male quartet, and twelve beautiful women
(including an uncredited Tippi Hedren in her film debut), each
representing a month, perform a musical number, much to the
appreciation of Manton. There, the doctor (Jason Bateman) tells
him that his mother is going to die. There, the person they
thought was Cavanaugh reveals himself as Joe Brock, Logan finds
out on his own since the real Cavanaugh is a different man, a cop
that wasn't aware that someone had been using his identity.
There, they are examined by Ted, who discovers they have two
hearts. There, they begin a new life. There, they find out that
they are anatomically compatible and make love. There, they learn
that one of the slaves up for auction, a con man and thief named
William Shaw (Matthew Modine), is fluent in Latin. There, they
meet the wheelchair-bound Pietist Madame Stahl and the saintly
Varenka, her adopted daughter. There, they realize that most of
the dignitaries have already been implanted due to bizarre
behavior and Duncan being appointed director of the Royal Mint by
the British Prime Minister (upon accepting this, Duncan cruelly
states to Josephine that he is leaving her). There, what seemed a
mild exchange of trivial personal data is revealed in "mental
subtitles" as an escalating flirtation. Thereafter she speaks
with impeccable received pronunciation. Therefore, Paulo takes
Raymond to the nicest hotel in Rio. Therefore, Rushon and Bunz
must go on wild adventures trying to find "protection" before the
evening's mood evaporates. Therefore, he decides to "date" these
women, without Acord's knowledge, and give them back their self-
esteem so that they will be less dependent on their doctor.
Therefore, he drugs the cats by sleeping pills in their food, and
enters the countryside to abandon them. Therefore, they are
called by the mystical Noah for a rescue mission of the Pantanal
fauna and flora. These actions result in the two being pursued by
mall security guard LaFours (Sven-Ole Thorsen), but they are able
to escape him. These conflicts eventually break him, after a
sobering discussion with Bob in a sauna. These days he's hunting
for a job as an actor, even though his visiting friend Happy
(Johnathon Schaech), a well-endowed cowboy who gets all the
ladies, is finding more acting jobs than Sol while standing
around. These deliberate provocations on Paulette's part make
Lionel insanely jealous &mdash; and fuel his creativity. These
friends are there for her unconditionally throughout the novel;
they give her advice about her relationships, and support when
problems arise. These include the sudden "finding" of a ring that
would serve as a wedding band, falling stars with twin tails,
zig-zagged rainbows and found objects symbolizing a change in the
finder's path that will cause it to cross with their beloved.
These initial changes regarding Adam's physical appearance are
well received by Adam's friend, Phillip (Frederick Weller), and
Phillip's fiancee, Jenny (Gretchen Mol). These questions and
other musings about the past and the future set the tone as we
sail into the year’s most anticipated film about love and life.
These scenes dissolve into footage of actual arrivals at
Heathrow, as the screen is divided into an increasing number of
smaller segments which form the shape of a heart. These terms are
borrowed for comedic effect from the Jewish terms "huppah"—the
canopy beneath which the marriage ceremony takes place (thus the
ceremony itself is sometimes called "hupah") and "Sheva 'bruchis'
or 'sheva brachot'" - 7 blessings ("bruchah" means "blessing", in
the Ashkenazic pronunciation) that are recited as part of both
the ceremony and a week-long celebration that follows. These
thoughts are due to her sister's unhappy marriage. These three
single Brits have 72 hours to find love by following the advice
given to them by the love gurus and their new book. These, and
similar talents come only from heaven, and it is good to have
them. Theseus offers her another choice: lifelong chastity while
worshipping the goddess Artemis as a nun. They accept the
explanation on the basis that gravity is returning to normal on
their planet and give their blessing for Celeste to be with
Steven. They accept the mission and on the way are the
archaeologist Marcos and Carla photographer in search of a
pyramid left in place by the Phoenician civilization. They
accomplish this by disassembling Kent's car and rebuilding it
inside his dorm room. They adore the residence's interior design
before being welcomed by Wilson. They advance to theS. They again
have sex and believe things to be going well. They agree on a
truce, and Izzy agrees to teach his moves to Rodney later to use
in the ring. They agree to a friendly competition for Emmadel's
heart during the few days leading up to the wedding. They agree
to give a lift to friendly Tony and his cargo, who unbeknownst to
them is a brandy smuggler. They agree to meet again afterward.
They agree to meet again at the tree after two years to read the
letters together. They agree to meet at the theater after she has
a drink with a former fling. They agree to meet with their
costumes on in the evening. They agree to spend the remainder of
the summer together in San Francisco, and they begin to reconnect
while sharing an apartment and working side-by-side in the taco
truck. They agree to try the Aria Resort and Casino, where the
wedding will be held. They agree, and the family starts to plan
the wedding. They agree, as a solution to their "problems", to
visit Ben's family in Staten Island for the weekend. They agree,
on condition that George runs the business, along with his
absent-minded uncle Billy. They agree; and, after accidentally
holding up a convenience store, Zeebo and Wiploc are soon driving
down theA. They aim and fire once apiece inside the mansion,
where the Earl is wounded in the arm while Delacro is unharmed.
They all decide, simultaneously, to claim the baby as their own.
They all end up at a hotel with a love motif and a variety of
strange furniture, including a bathtub in the form of a giant
champagne glass. They all end up in the same police station, and
Anderson's parents also turn up after he calls them. They all
enjoy the party that night, and George gets a chance to make his
move, but he is too shy to proceed. They all go out; and party at
Los Angeles nightclubs where their looks, athleticism, and
incredibly long tongues soon make them the envy of every female
in the place. They all go to Marietta's photography exhibit
opening together, and he sees how his ex-wife has changed since
she moved to New York. They all part angrily. They all run to the
puppet, where Carmen and other FBI agents surround them and
apprehend Victor and Rodrigo. They all see that she is no longer
a "nice girl" and rumors start to fly instantly. They all share
the middle name Song, their deceased mother's maiden name, and
refer to themselves as "the Song girls". They all share what they
plan to do once the summer's over realizing they are going to be
in the same dorm with similar majors. They also announce that
they will be gone for two years and they have already rented the
place out to another couple, despite Burt's and Verona's
situation. They also assure the others that the couples therapy
is purely optional. They also begin to fall in love, though she
already has a commitment to the show's choreographer Paul Byrd.
They also decide to draw the pledges out at random, instead of
judging them. They also fear that a fire he accidentally set in
the family garage foreshadows a future as an arsonist. They also
give Claude a job, and Shirley Mae suddenly thinks she and Claude
could have a future together. They also hear that Petey Jr. They
also meet three more men named Judge Hamilton (Joby Baker), Larry
Neal (Don Edmonds), and Wally Hodges (Bart Patton). They also see
footage of Buster's boat footage and the monkey's shot of
Buster's rescue of Sally. They also trap a leopard in a baited
cage. They angrily run into the jungle to confront her. They
announce their split at their engagement party. They appear to
make up, but Ramona still seems not to be too fond of Gail. They
approach Peter and June to "share" their bottle of tequila. They
are able to break the Owens curse, exorcising Jimmy's spirit and
allowing the coven to exile him permanently. They are able to
reconcile and become friends again. They are about to kiss when
she passes out. They are all members of the "52-20 Club," a
government program which pays unemployed American veterans $20 a
week for 52 weeks. They are all put in jail for the night. They
are almost immediately drawn to each other despite their
different personalities, though both had felt the need to travel
to Montauk that day. They are also told by Captain Pete, captain
of the musketeers, that they can not become musketeers because
Donald is a "coward" (who turns into a chicken every time he is
frightened), Goofy a "doofus" and Mickey "just too small",
leaving the three downhearted. They are ambushed by Diamond Dog's
gang while heading to the exchange. They are assigned Lonnie (who
is disappointed because the original person staying in the room
was going to be 50 cent) is their host/butler. They are astounded
to learn that Mike is actually Michael O'Connor. They are both
attracted to a sailor named Johnny (Van Johnson). They are both
forced to stay at a hospital, which delays the wedding. They are
both horrified that she has gone, and they drown their sorrows in
brandy and then sherry. They are both unhappy with their married
lives and missing the old days when they were single. They are
brought before a judge (Harry Davenport), and David is forced to
admit under oath that he is really Paul Knight Somerset, a
celebrated painter who disappeared three years ago after being
imprisoned for drawing what was then deemed indecent
illustrations for a book (now considered a classic). They are
compatible, they like many of the same things, and they are
caring for one another. They are confronted by a group of Khaki
Scouts who try to capture them, and during the resulting
altercation, Suzy injures the Scouts' de facto leader, Redford,
with her scissors and Camp Ivanhoe's dog is killed by a stray
shot from a bow and arrow wielded by one of the Scouts. They are
deliberately running up costs on producer Douglas Quintain's
(Humphrey Bogart) jungle feature, Sex and Satan so that the film
flops and the studio goes bankrupt. They are devastated when
Margaret and Marvin announce their impending wedding, and see
their inheritance slipping away. They are exchanging emails
without knowing each others' true identities - and their
respective significant-others' knowledge. They are falling in
love, but Jefferson restrains himself because he believes that
Elizabeth is married with a child. They are found slow dancing in
the gym. They are frightened to discover that an intruder has
broken in and opened her safe. They are having problems teaching
a secretarial student, named Maizie (Dorothea Kent) who cannot
spell, take dictation or type. They are identified by Miriam and
Barbara, and leave the police station. They are interrupted by
Costas Delgado (Paul Rodriguez, uncredited), the director of the
pageant, who has been looking for Lorena and needs her to meet
with the judges immediately. They are interrupted by Georg and
Major Andros, another ardent admirer of Katrina. They are
interrupted by a convenient camel, and they hitch a ride. They
are interrupted by a visit from Elizabeth, who blames her husband
for being too selfish. They are interrupted by news of his
father's death. They are married on the quiet. They are married
that night, and they arrive back home to prove her virtue to
Peabody Sr. They are motivated to reignite their romance after
learning that their best friends, Brad and Haley (Mark Ruffalo
and Kristen Wiig), are planning to divorce to escape the married-
life routine and to have more excitement in their lives. They are
not doing very well, so the coach (Jake D'Arcy) holds a trial to
find new players. They are now separated from each other,
however, with Pido working as a street vendor and Dida living in
a mansion. They are on their way to Wainright College as well,
but their father thinks Lee is on her way to spend some time with
her aunt in Vermont. They are out to get wealthy boyfriends by
dressing and acting like millionaires themselves. They are
perfect for each other, except that they are both in
relationships: Kate is with Chris (Ron Livingston), and Luke is
with Jill (Anna Kendrick). They are persuaded to take the show to
London, capitalizing on an imminent royal wedding. They are
picked up by apple farmer Walter Ling and his niece Sue-Lin. They
are placed in a water tank and left to slowly drown. They are
poor but handsome, and both fall in love with the beautiful
Giovanna (Marisa Allasio). They are pretending to be insurance
salesmen. They are publicly humiliated, losing the competition.
They are quickly introduced to two other sisters of Maria and
Nina. They are remanded to Wilton Reform School, where Muggs, the
wise-cracking leader of the gang, is dubbed "Mr. They are sent to
Vietnam under Lieutenant Dan Taylor (Gary Sinise). They are shown
a year later, with Leslie working as one of the Nets team
athletic trainers and she and Scott are now married. They are shy
to each other at first, but become acquainted during many train
mishaps. They are sick and tired of New York as well as not
getting anywhere. They are skeptical at first, but ultimately
accept the offers and try to pick up women with their friends
Gary (Stephen Merchant), Flats (J. They are stopped by the
police, but let go after Breezy produces his identification. They
are successful at first with their practical jokes. They are
surprised to find her living in modest circumstances. They are
taken by boat to an idyllic island on the way to Bali, Indonesia.
They are taken home. They are taken on another mission to the
city, where their affections betray them to their leader. They
are the parents of Hannah and her two sisters, and still have
acting careers of their own. They are then confronted by the
casino manager, who offers the group his largest penthouse suite
for free, in hopes that Archie will stay and spend his winnings
at the hotel. They are then killed by police commandos while
laughing. They are titillated by these "hairless", shapely
creatures, and when they discover that the broadcast came from
Earth, they set off and land in Southern California. They are
told that the man that rented it to them had run off with the
money. They are told they have 1 hour to either pay $22,000 a
night for the rest of their stay or leave. They are trapped by
Shevket and his men, but when Mirza threatens to kill herself,
Shevket proposes they settle this with a duel in which only one
of the pistols is loaded. They are trapped in their cabin and
prepare themselves for a watery end. They are treated with good
hospitality while Odiye narrates his family story, citing his
late American wife, Joyce (Kimberly's mother), ordeal and journey
from Nigeria to the United States, advising them not to be
discouraged by setbacks in life. They are unaware of his plans,
however, and, thinking he is keeping the money to be selfish,
steal it from him and ban him from the club. They are unsettled
by her engagement with John since they never thought that her
choice would be a black man, and further unsettled by John's
decision that if Joanna's parents do not accept the engagement
that day, that he will end it. They are welcomed by Wilson's
wife, (Vivica Fox) who instantly recognizes their accent. They
argue over the case. They argue over this and eventually break
upS. They argue over who gets to hold the map and decide to tear
it in half and each man keep his for safe keeping. They arrange
to "bump into" Ashley at a store and Mike pretends to be on a
phone call. They arrest her for the murder based on the evidence
of blood in her van, her sheets were used to wrap the body and
the threatening answer machine message. They arrive at Felton's
apartment and break in. They arrive at their classy hotel at the
foot of the Alps to find that Peter has sent them a bottle of
cognac "with love", while Tom's friend Kyle has sent them a
Thunderstick A-200 sex toy. They arrive home with some slight
damage to the station wagon (which stuns their kids), and then
proceed to show their son, daughter, and her boyfriend slides
(including an image of Dick in front of Saturn) from what they
claim is "Santa Barbara". They ask Miggy to do the rain dance but
Laida just seems to be really upset and calls it a day. They
attempt a threesome, but Troy gets his revenge by goading them
into performing an uncomfortable act of cunnilingus first. They
attempt to enter the house through the cellar, but the door to
the kitchen is locked. They attempt to go to a hotel, but are not
admitted. They attend a Sustainable earth conference in which the
same minister they met is also attending. They awaken on a small
ice floe which drifts into their intended Russian port, where
Hezekiah is waiting for Leslie, who in turn casts off Maggie for
deceiving him. They awaken to find a man in a boat videotaping
them. They awkwardly make out in Bruce's dorm room until a friend
accidentally interrupts them. They become close, but she finds
out his past, and the attackers come after Adam for revenge. They
become emotional when talking about the farm they own and realize
how much they love each other. They become instantly attracted
and Sam accompanies her back to Boston, where Renata introduces
him to her family. They become involved in a violent brawl. They
become so absorbed in each other that neither realizes that the
train has reached its final destination and everyone else has
departed. They begin meeting at his apartment and having sex.
They begin seeing each other. They begin taking their lunch
breaks together and Justine gives Holden rides home. They begin
the next morning, where Izzy learns that while compulsory and
speed jumping are easy for him with his training, freestyle is
more problematic for him. They begin their routine as the Eagles
defeat the Dallas Cowboys. They begin to fall in love. They begin
to have sex but stop because Mike's condom breaks. They begin to
make love, which would again lead to Peggy getting pregnant and
marrying him. They begin to meet regularly at the same hotel room
in the evenings. They begin to show signs of discord. They begin
to watch television and his mother walks in and is surprised and
happy to see Kelly. They begin working at a local fast food
restaurant called McDowell's—an obvious ripoff of
McDonald's—owned by widower Cleo McDowell and his two daughters,
Lisa and Patrice. They believe he will be a stereotypical
American who thinks the British are "quaint". They believe that
the fire god of the volcano on their island must be appeased by a
voluntary human sacrifice once every century, but none of the
Waponis are willing to volunteer this time around. They bicker
again, but this time, they part on good terms. They bicker
constantly at work although becoming increasingly attracted to
each other. They bicker furiously, prompting Aldous to announce
that the relationship is over. They bid 150 in local coin on her
to rescue her. They board a ship for America, but Katie later
runs into Von Luber on board; the baron was able to talk his way
out of his troubles. They book a room at a cheap motel for the
four days, with the final being two days before Jonah's
operation. They both admit their love for each other, and she
agrees to stay and not go to San Francisco, where she has a job
lined up for her. They both agree and head to Alamo Square Park
where Violet has organized for their family and friends to be
waiting for an impromptu wedding. They both ask Harper to keep
the condition a secret. They both come upon their Lacuna records
later that day, and react with shock and bewilderment, because
they have no clear memory of having known each other, let alone
having had a relationship and having had their memories erased.
They both decide to pull down the video before it blows Anthony's
chances of reconnecting with his crush. They both don‘t talk
until the day Henry is leaving for New York. They both engage in
a fight that lasts through three YouTube videos, ending with them
returning to the start. They both examine the museum's security
measures, with Simon initially indicating he does not believe it
is possible to steal the Venus. They both have made it a priority
to be married in the same location in June. They both realise
that much can happen in eighteen months and say goodbye. They
both realize that Catcher does love her, but as he is proposing,
one of his many lovers appears and thanks Barbara for what she
has done for womankind. They both share a kiss as the movie ends
with Crazy Eyes crashing his Corvette and coming out unharmed.
They both smile and hug one another and the film ends. They break
their engagement and she is fired from her job, but none of the
people hired by mr Saxon to replace her please mr Pritchard. They
bring an official executioner, put her on trial and sentence her
to death. They bring the young João on stage, in which he is put
honey and feathers, humiliated, and given the nickname "Zero".
They bring them where the spaceman-João is, and since he has been
untied, he knocks out Otávio, and ties the original-future João.
They bury her clothes and have a funeral, all while Donna
watches. They bury the collected items at Bobby's instruction and
together start to try "finding north" (an expression of Bobby's;
"when things hit rock bottom, sure as hell can't get any further
south, might as well start finding north"). They call for him,
and ironically he bears a striking resemblance to Duke. They camp
out in one of the houses, and Julie allows R to share a bed with
her. They can only be killed if their brains are destroyed. They
cancel his reservations to an expensive restaurant and go instead
to a burger place that Bradley knows well. They cannot socialize
with Russians of their own class and find it difficult to amuse
themselves. They carry Jimmy out of the building and head for
Long Island and Muzzy. They cash in Doug's first class honeymoon
tickets to Tahiti, going instead on a guy trip where the
groomsmen, Edmundo, Doris, and Nadia, who begins her romance with
Doug, party in the plane, while Lurch says that he "has a bad
feeling about this flight" as a reference to his character in the
TV series Lost. They chase him to a construction site which
conceals a deadly drop, and the biker's absence suggests that he
has perished below, leaving Stephanie heartbroken and
inconsolable. They check into the Bally's Hotel. They choose Kip,
a sexy man with a stutter, Endo, who has three testicles,
Bronstein, who can dislocate and relocate his shoulder, and Otis,
who can say every sentence backwards. They choose the latter.
They climb to the top of the belltower, and sneak into an acting
class. They come to an understanding about needing someone at the
time, Ruth mourning her son and Tom being rejected by his
childhood crush, Julie. They come together as friends again and
tell Billy to go see Diana. They compare the scenario with
counterparts back home and Akpors confronts the kid in the
presence of her mother who reprimands him afterwards. They
confront her at her Church choir but she ends up scaring both
Pitka and Darren out of the church with her harsh words. They
congratulate Prof. They conspire to abduct Lili/Claire and hide
her away on Robert's boat until the wedding. They constantly nag
her about dating and finding the right man. They consummate their
relationship at his home, which is now the protective fortress
that allows them to freely express their relationship. They
continue on by themselves to Lago Maggiore for a tour of the
garden spots of northern Italy, the Italian Alps with "Al Di Là"
playing over the chairlift speakers, and Verona with its Romeo
and Juliet balcony. They contrive to escape and dance the night
away. They converse and Akpors makes additional blunders but
succeeds in making them laugh. They convince her that Darren
still loves her. They convince the rest of the crew that the real
Captain is in charge again. They creep past, bemused by his
behaviour, and Mr Lloyd, slightly drunk, says to Basil "We've
been to a wedding". They cross the bridge and are found by their
owners on a road after Chance is almost run over by a truck. They
cruise through the streets, and finally back to the Winslow home
where Tommy is kidnapped. They dance the last round of the
competition, where Bruce goes on to lose the competition, but
regains his true self and finally wins Julia's heart. They decide
on a small country church and invite all family and friends. They
decide to be bitter enemies in public, hoping the opposition will
bring the children together. They decide to do nothing about it.
They decide to get drunk in order to become more loose, but go
too far and wind up getting into a fight with other customers.
They decide to give their relationship another try and Brett
introduces him to her family, who are uneasy with the age
difference; her father especially after learning that Archie is
an alcoholic when he is admitted to hospital. They decide to go
for a drive in Terry's car, but before Buddy can join them, an
attractive blonde on a motorcycle rides up and beckons to him
with a smile. They decide to go home to the United States, but
when Chuck goes to get the tickets Kimble invites him onto his
yacht for a drink. They decide to head out to California together
in a classic car that Leslie has been working on. They decide to
seek the assistance of Mirza's father the Emir, who turns out to
be the governor of the region. They decide to sing Laida and
Miggy's favorite song 'Kailan' with Miggy singing his favorite
part. They decide to split up, but Ian immediately abandons the
mission and travels to his YouTube crush video, "Butt Massage
Girl" (Brittany Ross), while Anthony escapes a furry party, gets
advice from Steve Austin (himself), and finds out that Anna
really likes him too. They decide to start over with their
relationship and Oliver is looking forward to getting to know the
"real" Shelley. They decide to target an unsuspecting Ralph. They
decided to move there for a year so that Herman can finish his
book on cosmology. They declare that Brandy has failed to put
"hoes before bros" and call her a slut. They demand an opera
singer and add that she must be 5'9", have two PhDs, and speak
five languages. They depart together on a train, giving Eugene's
car to Zia. They depart. They design and build a new car named
"The Leslie Special". They develop a bitter rivalry with the
pretentious Malacicis (Paul Sorvino and Barbara Carrera), recent
immigrants from Florence and owners of a fine Italian restaurant.
They develop a gestural code for communication. They develop a
truce, as de Lage tries to court Amelia (or rather, her
$18,000,000). They died in a acar accident after their marriage.
They discover Wallace Wooley (March again), living nearby and
running for governor, on the eve of marrying the ambitious and
spoiled Estelle Masterson (Susan Hayward), whose father (Robert
Warwick) just happens to be Wooley's chief political backer. They
discover romantic feelings for each other. They discover that a
fallen tree has blocked the access road, with a large crowd of
waiting visitors behind it. They discover that there are no
available hotel rooms left in the city, but Ann manages to
persuade the staff of a hotel to let her into the room reserved
for Steve Canfield, who is a race horse owner. They discover the
man is Lorenzo Bartolini's grandson, and Claire and Lorenzo
reunite. They discover the man, Kneller (Tom Waits), an eccentric
commune leader, had fallen asleep while looking for his dog. They
discuss Fitzgibbon’s long-put-off desire to go to Ireland and see
his mother, whom he's not seen since he left Ireland as a young
priest to come to America, and who is now over 90. They discuss
foreign baby droppers who come to give birth in the US. They
discuss love and wedding plans. They discuss the impossibility of
Gil's relationship with Adriana, and each of the artists
envisages a different masterpiece inspired by such an unusual
romance. They discuss what they should say to Otto, whom they
both love. They disguise their unease behind petty arguments over
meaningless details of grammar and pronunciation but are finally
able to push past the pettiness and make love. They display their
plan in front of the city council, but the lead council member,
Richard Nickleby is negative. They do laundry on Saturday, and do
small things that make each other happy. They do not listen and
say they are going to eat Sassy. They do not realize that their
client has been sitting right there in the same café. They do so
and end up sharing several kisses. They do so, much to the
satisfaction of Glade and Sears". They do, the mobsters are
hauled off and the Boogie Contest is on. They do, then buy a
house and have a baby boy. They drink and dance and Mike admits
he does not want to move because he wants to stay in Sacramento
near his sister and nephew. They drink, and the man in black
reveals that both cups were poisoned, but he had previously
cultivated an immunity to iocaine powder. They drive off together
to pick up Dupree, who appeared to have hitched a ride with a
light plane after landing on the wrong island. They drive off
with Dolph and Clayton. They drive to Niagara Falls in a new car
David has bought in Jean's name. They drive to an old large house
and Benjamin inspects the property, telling his realtor it is
perfect. They drive to the beautiful residence of a Nigerian
friend in diaspora, Uncle Wilson (Kesse Jabiri). They drop by her
home using the pretext they were nearby on a pizza delivery and
decided to bring her over some extra pizzas. They dry hump and
Elizabeth secretly calls Amy using Scott's phone leaving a
message recording all the action, ensuring she knows about the
affair. They each offer diverse views on modern romance, as well
as various answers to the age-old question: does true love really
exist. They each offer one another bits of their lunch before
they crack a smile, and drink a beer. They each then have a dream
in which they end up with Tomás but feel bad about leaving the
other two behind. They elope, leaving Bill and Lucia to track
them down. They elude the police while Bambi and Carl fall in
love with each other. They embrace and kiss. They embrace as Don
tells her of his love and asks her to marry him. They embrace
passionately. They embrace, and then hold hands while looking out
over the river. They embrace, sobbing helplessly. They end up
face to face in a shed, where Kelly admits to Benjamin that she
is romantically interested in him and since she "can't get a
handle on it", she kisses him, telling him that maybe they can do
it again on New Year's Eve; Benjamin kisses her back, and tells
her that he is looking forward to it. They end up in Darwin,
where they take jobs as pearl divers for a prince. They end up in
Seattle, Washington, location of the 1962 World's Fair. They end
up in the borough of Queens and rent a run-down apartment in the
neighborhood of Long Island City, passing themselves off as poor
foreign students. They end up kissing in the dressing room,
although both are embarrassed about it afterwards. They end up
making out on the beach. They end up sleeping together. They end
up stabbing him. They endure resort owner Marcel's (Jean Reno)
unusual methods, including swimming with and feeding lemon sharks
and yoga sessions with amorous instructor Salvadore (Carlos
Ponce). They enjoy a dinner at a restaurant where they are
spotted by some of Agnes' friends. They enjoy themselves so much
they end up running around the pond and through the bushes, until
Lucy, her mother, and Cecil arrive, having taken a short-cut
through the woods. They enlist the help of Conor once more who
has sex with Dick in his office, loud enough for the whole camp
to hear. They enter the room and find Fred having fake sex with
her. They escape but soon get into an argument that leads to
Dedee accidentally shooting Randy. They escape by dog sled with
the mob after them but the sled overturns. They escape in Pete's
car, and pick up Barbara and Philip, who has been bitten, then
Liz and her friends Dianne and David. They escape into the palace
with the girls but are found and captured. They evade both
Gordon's bodyguard and Tony, and with seconds to spare, Sara
knocks Gordon out by dropping a six-pack of beer on his head.
They even ended up visiting a bar to enjoy a night of dancing.
They even have a regular accomplice: Bang Bang, a Japanese
explosives expert who rarely speaks. They even show their
presentation to MET with Belle, and make their way home. They
eventually break up, and he searches for the truth of
relationships, asking strangers on the street about the nature of
love, questioning his formative years, until he casts himself in
Snow White opposite Annie's Evil Queen. They eventually crash
into Denis' parents car where his parents were having sex. They
eventually escape uninjured while Boyd plummets to his doom,
signaled by an ostentatious explosion. They eventually fall in
love with each other and Kate cancels the article. They
eventually make their way to a huge castle, where they help
themselves to a sumptuous feast. They eventually share a
passionate kiss, which Nikki witnesses. They eventually succeed
in recreating the book. They exit the mine to find that Alan has
tracked them down, accompanied by a Nevada judge. They expel her
and her old nurse to a nearby cabin and stake out a line over
which the women are not to cross. They experience various
stresses including redecorating their house and raising their
kids. They experience yet another culture shock when they see
Wilson performing traditional African female roles (food
preparation, babysitting, housekeeping etc) while his wife gives
him instructions. They explain the truth to the other students,
who are performing for the guests, and urge them to keep the
world leaders from attending the G7 summit. They express their
true love with an embrace and kiss. They face many challenges in
their relationship, including her discovery of his celibacy vow
and Matt's continuing feelings for Nicole. They fake a big
quarrel so that they can break their engagement. They fall asleep
during the film and awake with just a few minutes remaining. They
fall asleep during the trip and wake up to discover that they are
at a recycling plant. They fall in love through their letters,
but Ella rejects him when she realizes her gift of obedience
could be used to harm him. They fall in love with each other and
decide to get married. They feel and hear a deep booming sound,
and Penny tells Dodge she wishes they had known each other
sooner. They fell in love; Chen Qiushui was 20. They fellate two
boys in the bathroom, but the next day they agree it was a bad
choice. They fight, and George is knocked out by a punch. They
finally connect at the Christmas party and he drives her home.
They finally kiss. They finally return home, with their love for
each other strengthened and seemingly wiser for their
experiences. They finally split and, as the story lines
intertwine, Bob Falfa picks up Laurie in his black 1955 Chevrolet
One-Fifty Coupé. They finally talk together and realise that
their marriage is over and agree to part amicably. They find an
oasis which is near Kasim's camp. They find his bike abandoned
and him collapsed from exhaustion. They find it necessary to
pamper the royals during their stay in London, and thus civil
servant Northbrook (Richard Wattis), is detached to their
service. They find police officers in the house looking forJ, who
ends up getting arrested. They find that she is conducting not
one, but two affairs, with Charles and his handsome French
chauffeur Albert (Charles Boyer). They find that they have a
connection and decide to exchange numbers before going their
separate ways. They find the young Otávio, and the future João
tells them future technical and political events, so they will
have money for the rest of their lives. They find themselves
holding hands and cuddling during the performance, then meet a
musician (played by trumpeter Al Hirt) who Don knows, who invites
them to a jazz joint for a late evening performance, at the end
of which Al Hirt and a patron get into a fistfight over a
beautiful woman. They first visit Brad's father (Robert Duvall),
then Kate's mother (Mary Steenburgen), then Brad's mother (Sissy
Spacek) and, finally, Kate's father (Jon Voight), thereby
celebrating four Christmases in one day. They first visit
Phoenix, Arizona, meeting up with Verona's old boss, Lily
(Allison Janney), her husband, Lowell (Jim Gaffigan), and their
two children. They first visit his elderly neighbor for supplies.
They flee on horseback to the rodeo to seek help. They fly to
Vegas to get married, influencing Vikki and Peter, who also
decide to get married. They follow the girls to the festival as
they leave in Ricky's car. They forcibly take over the All India
Radio station premises after having evacuated its employees. They
forgive each other and Pam agrees to stay. They form a business
partnership, but financial problems at their advertising agency
put a strain on the marriage and Don begins seeing Peggy Smith
(Kay Strozzi), one of his married clients. They form a plan to
rescue Shaun's mother, Barbara, and Liz, then wait out the crisis
in the Winchester. They form an unexpected bond over their shared
heartbreak and slowly become friends. They frighten her guests
into leaving, and Gilda pretends to bid them goodnight along with
her other guests, but secretly gives them a key and tells them to
return later. They get Clave (Bernard Nedell) to forge another
letter to give Gloria the impression that Bill only married her
for her money. They get a ride to Camden, New Jersey, where they
meet Penny's ex-boyfriend Speck (Derek Luke), who is prepared for
the apocalypse. They get along wonderfully. They get back to
Janet's place where they have sex, but while spending the night,
Janet is turned off by Lawrence's neediness and worries that he
is, in fact, still too distraught by his wife's death. They get
back together and get married, with Hitch officiating. They get
into a fight, with Stevie claiming she was happy her period came
because she was having second thoughts anyway. They get into a
serious argument when he learns that she is leaving town to a
random spot on the map, made worse by telling others but being
"too cowardly" to tell him. They get into an argument over mr
Matuschek's idea to sell a cigarette box that plays "Ochi
Chërnye" when opened. They get jobs at Rick's company and pretend
to work for him. They get married, but Gladys decides that she
prefers Bill to a marriage-averse newspaperman and interrupts
their honeymoon to reclaim her husband. They get married. They
get off and walk around town, where Derrick again tries to tell
Jhnelle the truth, but she interrupts him with a kiss. They get
on Ben's last nerve and he destroys one, to the horror of
bystanders in a department store. They get stoned, and while
Vicky and Barry wander away, Joel and Lana talk. They get their
meals discounted for being stale or in trade, as when Mike (Steve
Brodie) stands in for the lifeguard at a private club. They get
unexpected help from the institute janitor, who has had recent
success at the racetrack. They get upset after finding out that
Brandy hooked up with one of their ex-boyfriends and leave
angrily. They go back to Logan's flat, where he assures Leslie
that he has fallen in love with her and will if necessary
sacrifice his legal career for her. They go back to her
apartment, where April has multiple copies of Jane Eyre in her
collection, explaining that her father gave her a copy with an
inscription in the front shortly before he died, and the book was
later lost. They go back to his house and have sex. They go home
to the small town of Habersville, Pennsylvania. They go on a date
which turns romantic, but Kat becomes suspicious and angry when
Patrick insists that she go with him to the prom, an event she is
adamantly against. They go on to sing a poor version of Carly
Simon's "You're So Vain", which they describe as "one of their
personal favourites". They go or I go. They go out to a rustic
bar, where they sing along to the karaoke machine. They go out to
sea. They go over to Gary's house where he gets stuck with the
homely and overweight Millie, a friend of the other two more
attractive girls. They go shopping and buy new clothes with
Duncan's father's credit card. They go sightseeing, but Tom
quickly gets bored and abandons Sarah so he can watch sports in a
bar. They go their separate ways before Ben is shown Andie's
article and encouraged to read it. They go to Alain's place where
he connects his recording machine to the telephone to spy on
Cécile, he is discovered by Louise who then agrees to call him if
anything strange happens related to Cécile. They go to Ava’s
engagement party, where they see Etienne make a break for it once
they see the girls arrive, realizing that their friends only
liked them for their money and reputation. They go to Baxter's
apartment as Baxter waits forlornly outside the theater. They go
to Chicago looking for "Leslie Sommers"; Stifler unwittingly
walks into a gay bar, and his raucous behavior gets him into a
dispute with several patrons. They go to Claire's but cannot find
Alain. They go to Jarrod's room and he questions Lily and learns
her parents are dead, having had heart attacks. They go to a bar
where they drink scotch and Dashiell reveals that he likes their
arguments in therapy, since no one else speaks their minds. They
go to a hotel room and Justin can't seem to get off, nor is he
comfortable with this idea. They go to a party for Jean Cocteau,
where he encounters Cole Porter, as well as Zelda and Scott
Fitzgerald. They go to an auction to buy some furniture, but when
he sees a statue that resembles socialite Iris Mabby (Diana
Lewis), the woman he adores from afar, he buys it, over the
Coneys' objections. They go to an outdoor musical dance talent
hunt. They go to her house to pick him up to take him back to the
wedding to marry his bride Lisa (LisaRaye McCoy) because they
only have two hours before the ceremony begins. They go to the
Cuban club where they first danced, and the floor is theirs. They
go to the city plunge (pool), where Buster gets involved in
numerous mishaps. They go to the doctor and find out that Zoe is
actually carrying twins. They go to the farm, where Adam
announces that he has been selected as the Republican nominee for
County Court Judge. They go to the park and talk. They go to the
zoo the following day, and in response to Donald asking on behalf
of Gregory, Isabelle asks Donald to escort her. They go upstairs
to his room and have sex, but Jonah pulls out at the last moment
because he realizes he is in love with Stevie. They gradually
begin to realize that their own lives are quite similar to the
characters they portray in Sue's film and that the state of
affairs that once plagued the revolutionaries continues to
torment their generation. They grow close and George gets more
involved in school. They had agreed to meet again on New Year's
Eve, a month later. They had all expected torture devices to
punish them for eternity, but instead find a plain room furnished
in the style of the Second French Empire. They happen upon the
Global Express delivery truck at a gas station. They happily
agree, and decide to enter a Double Dutch showcase that will be
happening three days later. They happily go out for dinner, and
as the movie ends, Gabe, narrating, summarizes what Rosemary
meant to him: ". They hastily drive around but when they finally
find protection neither of them is in the mood. They hatch a plan
to throw Anne and Ernest together as much as possible in the hope
that they will compromise themselves. They hate one another to
such an extent that they argue and fight in public, even on
television, but their lives as a divorced couple are going to
change as they establish, with their respective new partners, to
spend their Christmas holidays in Gstaad, Switzerland. They have
a bitter row and Anna believes the relationship is over. They
have a blast in Mexico, dining and dancing, eventually winding up
in bed together. They have a couple of drinks, and the combined
effect of valium and alcohol lead to her waking next morning in
Jack's bed. They have a daughter,  who complains that she would
prefer not to go to Greek school. They have a fight at work when
Courtney is putting in the numbers for the expiration dates. They
have a good time, but Ted drinks too much and tells Regi that he
is engaged to Vivian Snowden, heiress to a pineapple fortune.
They have a huge fight in the driveway in which she tells him
that her parents don't know about them, and makes Ryan feel like
he's just a summer fling. They have a romantic rooftop date al
fresco, and Lauren admits she was reluctant to show her
attraction because she thought he and Darla were together. They
have an adopted baby girl from China, named Rae in honor of the
Wyoming town, and Meryl is pregnant with their biological child.
They have arranged with an insurance company a deal that will
free Cecil of responsibility for any future debt incurred by his
wife. They have been friends since the first grade. They have
dinner in a cowboy diner and then try to run out on the check,
but get arrested. They have each become content and fulfilled
women who have both finally found the man of their dreams. They
have kept a secret from each other: Tom doesn't tell Sarah that
he accidentally killed her dog and Sarah doesn't tell Tom that
she slept with Peter Prentiss, an old boyfriend and her family's
friend, after she and Tom started dating. They have lunch
together where Donna is prepared to tell Max about her pregnancy
and impending abortion until he makes a comment about how he
wants to be a grandfather someday. They have lunch with their
mother, the respectable Wilimena Deeds (Phylicia Rashad). They
have not won a Stanley Cup since she took over so the city hates
her. They have nothing in common, so naturally they get it
together. They have several minor disagreements about not being
together enough, but a bigger problem occurs when Tess volunteers
to take on the care of a Greek refugee child, Chris (George
Kezas), without consulting Sam. They have sex and afterwards Stan
is confused and angry that she didn't tell him before and Zoe
leaves the next morning believing that things are over between
them. They have sex despite his better judgment about her self-
esteem issues. They have sex in 'revenge' for the escapade
between Joanna and Max on stage. They have sex in his
convertible. They have sex, and for the rest of the four days
they meet at the hotel, have sex, and then stagger their arrival
at home so Gus doesn't notice. They have some of the best sex
they have had in years. They have spent the last nine months
hiding from their families. They have their first kiss, and they
promise to write to each other regularly. They have three
children from their marriage – Lyla, Jared, and adopted son
Alejandro, who originates from Colombia. They have trouble
adjusting to small-town life, but after a perilous encounter with
a bear and awkward attempts at shooting rifles, chopping wood,
and horseback riding, they eventually adjust and begin assisting
the local citizens professionally. They have two young daughters,
Kylie and Antonia. They have various forms of sex and Brandy
finally achieves orgasm, the last thing on her list, just as her
father walks in on them. They head down to the museum and even
after confronting the statue, they fail to return to their
original bodies. They head to Binion's Gambling Hall and Hotel to
check in, only to realize that the hotel is closed for
renovations. They head to New York City. They head to their home,
Casa Bonita, for their father's birthday. They hear the first
song they danced to remember their first kiss. They help Jacob
and Melanie reconcile (the couple later elopes), and manage to
catch "Catfish Hunter" and release it, then clarify their own
drama. They help each other". They help them, saying that the
city is not a place for pets. They hike, camp and fish together
in the wilderness with the goal of reaching a secluded cove on
the island. They hire a sales woman, Ishika (Anushka Sharma) to
act as a millionaire, and she wants to open a restaurant in India
with the help of the Bloody Kameena, so if he invested money in
the restaurant, they could sneakly steal the money and escape,
thus ruining the BK. They hitch a ride with an American couple
from Columbus, Ohio, the Duryeas (Andrew Duncan and Claudette
Sutherland), who are touring Italy by car and also traveling to
Venice. They hold him off as best they can. They hug and kiss, as
the fire crew applauds. They identify Dingle as a fellow occupant
who can testify that they are only roommates. They immediately
hit it off and he invites her out to dinner. They immediately hit
it off, but Ramona mentions on their first date that one of her
ex-boyfriends is famous writer Dashiell Frank (Chris Eigeman).
They investigate and learn that the crash was due to a corrupt
defence minister Shastri (Mohan Agashe), who had signed a
contract exchanging cheap and illegal MiG-21 aircraft spare parts
for a personal favour. They invite him to a lawn party at the
yellow house, where both try to win his affections, Nancy with
her smarts and Julia with her looks. They jointly fight and
defeat the gangsters, which brings them back together. They
jokingly bang on the drums only to summon a local tribe of
natives. They just have to keep ahead of everyone after them,
until her Father can get back, if he can get back, with the
brokers’ crooked henchmen trying to stop him. They kidnap him and
implant him with the microchip. They kiss (off-screen) and then
she goes to a bandstand and sings the song "Thank You America"
for the crowd at the Army base. They kiss again with Josh's
jacket covering their faces. They kiss and Jonah is wheeled away
into the operating room. They kiss and have brief sex. They kiss
as the film ends. They kiss passionately as the movie ends. They
kiss, but Will abruptly stops and leaves. They kiss, but before
more can occur, they are interrupted by her mentally ill brother,
Michael, phoning from a mental care facility. They kiss, but this
is all revealed to be the last one of Doris's fantasies. They
kiss, then the parachute opens, covering them. They land the
Pilgrim on the Martian surface. They later have a meeting with
the principal, but the couple denies everything that happened.
They later meet there, and Leigh invites Rick for a beer after
they work out. They later meet up at Nikko's house, unbeknown to
Courtney, and Nikko begins to teach them new dance moves, stating
that if they perform the song in front of Courtney she would be
impressed and may agree to change the group's style. They later
obtain a white convertible from a car agency and Richards
convinces Akpors about the agency's mode of operations in the
country. They later proceed to do so with an impromptu but
rousing performance of War, accompanied by dancing and clapping
from the assembled dignitaries and Queen Elizabeth herself,
whilst Cody, Emily and Derek search for the villains. They later
reach a shanty town and found themselves living within the area
with Nanay Bachoy (Vangie Labalan). They later share a kiss over
lunch. They leave Starkman's home, decide to leave the mob, and
discuss taking Brian back to where they found him. They leave
Tomás but, in their absence, he's taken by Agent Rivera who has
followed them to the hotel. They leave along with the rest, and R
takes Julie back to the airplane. They leave for Chicago, and on
the way meet Tom Dice (James Ellison) when he fixes their flat
tire. They leave for a hotel and soon learn all their credit
cards have been shut down, leaving the girls completely broke.
They leave separately, but not before he gives her a copy of his
manuscript. They leave the baby in the care of Dan's butler, whom
Dan enlists to help him return the baby to Polly. They leave the
bar, and Nat asks Guy to talk about packaging details, intending
to meet Josh back at their flat afterwards. They leave the house
to depart for a shopping trip, but leave a towel on the stove,
starting a house fire. They leave the restaurant with plans for a
second date. They leave the school together and share a kiss in
front of their houses. They leave the station together, arm in
arm. They leave the train and go on a shopping spree for
everything from lingerie to jewelry – Hackensacker minutely
noting the cost of everything in a little notebook, which he
never bothers to add up – and make the remainder of the trip to
Palm Beach on Hackensacker's yacht named The Erl King (a Sturges
joke on the Hackensacker family business, oil). They leave
together (except for Cal), and Andy returns to his apartment,
where he finds Trish waiting for him. They leave together with
the new puppy. They link Knobby to Manning based on information
given to them by Charlie, who is Manning's nephew. They live in
what is a mere, twisted shadow of a normal society. They live
with their parents in Piazza Navona in Rome. They load all their
bags in Ricky's car and, after a short chase, they decide to stay
at a Marriott hotel instead of a Motel 6. They loathe each other
and are constantly in dispute. They look into each other's eyes
and Miggy sees how unhappy and hurt Laida is. They make a quick
stop for a drink at a nightclub where Vicki Anderson, a glamorous
singer, immediately disrupts Charley's thoughts of wedded bliss.
They make common cause against the two Russian men. They make
love repeatedly, changing sex mostly in sync with each other, but
occasionally finding themselves the same sex. They make love.
They make their plans, but before they can carry them out,
Tostado learns of them and hatches a plot of his own: he frames
Powell for a murder and has him arrested. They make their way to
Venice, staying at a pensione recommended by Tom's father. They
manage to convince the others to vote Paulina out of the choir,
giving Darrin his position as director back. They manage to
escape and set the two sheiks against each other. They manage to
raise just enough, which they offer to store owner Mitchell. They
manage to return in time into the office of Ridgeway, pretending
that nothing happened, while the true necklace is going to be
handed over to Phelps. They meet Doctor Kosevich who happens to
be Russian. They meet Gaston Le Blanc (Albert Dekker), an
American counterintelligence agent posing as a photographer. They
meet Laura (Stella) one evening at a nightclub, and the three
rapidly become a close group who share "a perfect love". They
meet Olivia's brother, Edward, when he visits for lunch. They
meet after Ava has the realization that it’s her own fault for
the way their marriage is and wanted to apologize. They meet at a
wedding, initially Jennifer dislikes Vince and begins to predict
what kind of person he is, and as a result, he dislikes her. They
meet each other again after Gyeon-woo gets locked up in jail over
a misunderstanding, and over soju the Girl cries, admits to
breaking up with her boyfriend the day before and gets thoroughly
drunk, resulting in a second trip to the same hotel. They meet
each other's families and Jon's parents love her. They meet
fellow comic book artist Alyssa Jones (Joey Lauren Adams) at a
comic book convention in New York City, where they are promoting
their comic Bluntman and Chronic. They meet for the first time
and are introduced to Odiye's immigration lawyer, Clara (Lynn
Whitfield). They meet for the sex scenes in a film for which Tony
is a production assistant. They meet in a bar and Sally tells him
she's going backpacking with Dustin through Europe and skipping
graduation. They meet in the lift, and Helen drops an earring
which is picked up by James, mirroring their first encounters.
They meet later after one of his comedy performances. They meet
the local muckety-mucks, including wealthy Charles Hingelman
(Rudy Vallee), owner of a valuable gold mine, who starts to
romance Freddie. They meet up side by side at the parking
garage's traffic barrier. They mess up almost every step of the
way, such as tripping and splashing blueberries on themselves,
and then dropping Courtney's cell phone into one of the full
yogurt cups. They move to the couples section to begin a month-
long trial partnership. They mutually agreed to stay at Wes'
apartment overnight not only to catch-up on each other's lives,
but to also re-establish the deep, meaningful bond they had with
each other years ago. They name him Max. They need salt, which
they plan to take by draining the Earth's oceans using the metal
ball, so they have to recover it. They next visit Burt's
childhood friend and pseudo-cousin in Madison, Wisconsin, "LN"
(pronounced "ellen") (Maggie Gyllenhaal), a college professor
with inherited money and radical views about parenting. They no
longer object when he showers them with gifts. They notice that
Susan resembles the "daughter", and ask her to impersonate the
missing girl at their party that evening. They now have second
thoughts when their father, Henry Kilbourne (Clarence Kolb), who
has returned from work tells Emily that he is putting his foot
down and orders that they get rid of the new tramp the next day.
They once again face the Dutch Dragons before the match, Gina and
Yolanda snarking at them, confident that they would win. They
only married to "avoid an argument", as Saul puts it. They open
their case file to learn their tasks. They overpower the thugs
and take their place (and their beards) to get off the boat, only
to find the entire town is terrified of the real thugs. They pack
up to return home, even though they have three weeks remaining
prepaid on their rental. They panic and drive back to the USA.
They part as friends, clearly showing that they have mutual
respect. They part good friends. They persuade her to remain with
the play throughout the summer; and Michael introduces her to Tom
Fennel (Shaun Evans), an enterprising American, who confesses his
deep appreciation of her work. They persuade the couple to
accompany them to their favorite spot, making David pick Jean up
and carry her across a footbridge. They pick up a postal worker
named Frank, who then has a relationship with Leroy. They plan to
escape together, but the leader finds the shortsighted woman's
journal and discovers her plan to escape with David. They plan to
go out together to the opera and then to dinner. They plan to
jump at them but miss their chance. They play at a club sometimes
and compete in an annual pop music contest called "Jhankaar
Beats" &mdash; they have lost for the past two years. They
playfully tease each other as they always have throughout their
many years as friends. They pose as a couple in order to keep the
proceedings a secret until the court date. They practice all the
time, and Katey dances some more with the dance teacher, until it
is the night of the dance. They pretend to be in a relationship
so that Nadia will not expect Jim to have sex (Jim is involved in
an incident involving a tube of super glue he mistook for lube;
he accidentally glued his hand to his penis while watching a
porno film and injured himself, leaving him wounded and unable to
perform). They proceed to continue planning a holiday to Hibiscus
Island, without her. They proceed to work the crowd with a "ghost
scam" into "gambling" their money in hope of doubling it. They
promise to never let things change between them. They pull Kirk
off his plane as the aircraft prepares to depart to Branson as he
tries to leave with his family and Marnie, while Patty brings
Molly to the airport. They pushed her too hard to win,
undermining the soul of the game. They put Pamela in the role of
st Anne. They quarrel and she throws him out. They quarrel, but
it ends with him kissing her. They question Felton, nicknamed
"Taste" (James Franco), and his wife "Whippit" (Mila Kunis) about
the flash drive and Joe Miletto. They quickly begin arguing in
front of a statue of the ancient Aztec god Tezcatlipoca. They
quickly pack their bags and leave, but must return to the souq to
find Carrie's passport. They raised Anne Marie's 14-year-old
sister, Penny (Mika Boorem), ever since their mother took off to
Las Vegas with a boyfriend who was uncomfortable with the idea of
having the two girls come along. They realise that their
relationship with women is at the heart of all their problems,
their conversations and their conflicts. They realise the Aviator
must make a forced landing, and in their field nonetheless. They
realize they are going to have to help each other in two
important upcoming events. They realize they do not love each
other, but do not call off the wedding for the good of Genovia.
They really like each other, but their relationship has not yet
been consummated; Nikki is not so sure if their relationship is
ready for the next stage. They receive a phone call from the
manager of the motel (Michael Rispoli), who, based on seeing Sam
carrying Freddie's body INTO the motel room and Jjacks carrying
the body OUT OF the motel room, wants $50,000 to keep quiet. They
receive news that the Bingleys are leaving for London, and that
Mr Collins has proposed to Charlotte Lucas, a sensible lady and
Elizabeth's friend. They recognize each other from the scene in
the bar and are instantly attracted to each other. They reconcile
and journey back on a bus together. They reconcile and walk into
the ballroom hand in hand. They reconcile at their daughter's
birthday party, but when Ben tries to work things out with
Alison, she doesn't want to get back together. They reconcile the
next morning and Dylan admits he misses Lily. They reconcile, and
the next day Renata gives birth to their child. They reluctantly
agree, and while they get ready for her, Gilly (Eddie Hodges) and
Nancy entertain Peter (Jimmy Mathers) with jokes about her
appearance and snobby, snotty personality ("Pink of Perfection").
They remarry, but her grandfather, Judge Meredith (Harry
Davenport), persuades them not to publicize that fact until the
Senate confirms her appointment. They reminisce over several of
the photos and then put Joe to bed, after Jason says a few things
about 'staying the night' (as Joe wants him to). They rescue Mima
(Dorothy Lamour), an exotic local (but not native) from her
abusive dance-partner, Caesar (Anthony Quinn), and she moves into
their hut. They resist for an hour and a half before retreating,
killing 22 Rochellese in total. They return home and the family
eats dinner. They return home, but Chance is still upset about
Delilah, but then he sees her appear from around the corner and
they are reunited. They return to Chicago for the dedication of
the new primate house. They return to Chicago where Jake, by,
"setting new records for lying in the job market," impresses his
potential employers so much that they give him work as an
advertising copywriter. They return to Grant's apartment, and
Grant is reluctant to help after becoming exhausted by their
incompetence, but Phil begs and he agrees. They return to New
Orleans to find Charlotte, who is the princess of the Mardi Gras
Parade, but only until midnight. They return to Stephanie's home,
where Jack and Stephanie immediately adjourn to her bedroom for
sex, while Miles and Maya connect through their mutual interest
in wine. They return to civilization, haggard, dirty and
penniless until they hock the jewels they had received from the
natives. They return to the contiguous United States on a ship on
which, unknown to them, Georgia is also travelling. They return
to the hotel and find that Gidget is not in her suite. They
return to the restaurant and find the cellphone number of the
Tripplehorns. They ride all over town, including a construction
site. They ride out to a lake where they share secrets, dance and
eventually fall asleep. They run into Arielle, Valery and their
now-teenage children outside the Guggenheim. They run into
Brenda. They run into Kyle, who has gone hunting zombies. They
run into Michael's old frat brothers Isaac (Adam Brody) and
Terrell (David Walton), who just want to party. They run into
each other twice more at a farmers market and a pet store. They
run upstairs together, bumping into Tom-Tom on the way, Jenna
rips up the homework in Tom-Tom's hands and Jenna and Matt run
out of the house, emerging as a wedding couple on the other side
of the door, and, as credits roll, they're moving into a bright
pink house just like the dollhouse that started it all. They say
"I love you" to each other, and Zach shoots her in the head. They
schedule another date. They schedule their weddings with New
York's most famous wedding planner, Marion st Claire, but due to
a clerical error they are scheduled to have a wedding on the same
day, June 6 (three and a half months later). They scuffle, and
this leads to Tish hitting her head on a dresser. They search for
home-made sex tapes, and find a disturbing tape where Chuck is
giving oral to a plush penguin while Cam is off-screen making sex
sounds, implying that they might have made the tape and left it
for Stu to find as a gag. They see a very good looking young man,
dancing very seductively and attracting all the girls' attention,
and Georgina goes to seduce him. They see a vision of a singing
Princess Shalmar, which spurs them onward. They see another set
of horsemen and learn it is an enemy sheik who was invited as a
token of peace. They see the sights, including the "Mouth of
Truth", a face carved in marble which is said to bite off the
hands of liars. They see the smoke in the apartment and run in to
get the kids, who arrived in the elevator. They see the still-
unaware McKeever off as he heads to the O'Connors' mansion in
Virginia, and Mike tells Mary remind him to nail up the board in
the back fence because next winter McKeever will be coming in
through the front door. They sell the piggy banks to a pawnbroker
for 25 cents each. They send for Jo, pretending they want to
order some books from her shop. They separate and Larry returns
to New York City, where he takes up again with playwright
Griselda Vaughn (Bennett), with whom he was involved prior to his
marriage. They set a date one night to see a film at the local
cinema. They set up camp and go swimming. They share a drink,
then Dan breaks his glass, followed by Joan. They share a kiss
and begin a relationship. They share a kiss and begin to dance.
They share a kiss at a miniature golf course which bursts into
the flames of their passion. They share a kiss. They share a
muffin and a heart-felt chat, although Marie gently warns Dan
that she has a boyfriend. They share a passionate kiss. They
share one last kiss and finally depart. They share tales of their
'playboy' escapades and tend to 'help' each other out with
conquering their 'victims'; women who are unaware of their
riotous acts. They share their last kiss. They shoo her out, but
as she is walking away she realizes she wants to cook ramen. They
show up at Shelley's photo shoot and ask for her to come back, to
which she agrees, having changed her mind about her dream of
being a centerfold. They sit and talk, and she asks him not to
spoil the ending for her. They sit side by side, not entirely
sure where they go from here. They slug it out through the
village, stop for a drink, brawl again, then, somewhat drunk,
admit grudging mutual respect and the two return to Sean and Mary
Kate's home for supper, where it is implied the rift is healed.
They smile at each other as the film ends. They soon begin a
romance, despite their 20-year age gap. They soon fall in love
with each other. They soon find romance while performing Apache
dance routines. They soon get married, and Arthur comes to live
with them. They spend a lot of time together while Rip secretly
gathers information for his survey. They spend day four at the
hotel suffering from a hangover. They spend every day together as
she coaches him, and they mope together about their broken
hearts, eating snacks and watching TV. They spend the entire
evening and part of the morning getting acquainted. They spend
the entire evening together and, by morning, have fallen in love.
They spend the evening together, and they both discover that she
is a talented photographer and he even makes plans to contract
her professionally. They spend the night planning their future,
and Karl, who is in the shipping business, asks Louise to go to
Australia with him, although she prefers South Africa. They spend
the night together, quite chastely, but Logan becomes convinced
that Leslie must be married. They spend their Christmas holidays
at a ski resort, but as they take a tour of Belavia's natural
beauty, Eddie and Paige discover that the evil Prime Minister
Polonius has given orders to bulldoze the precious forests to
drill for oil. They split again with Logan going to the police
department to find Cavanaugh and have him bring the police force
while Kelly and Chelsea go to Taft's museum where the exposition
in his honor is being held. They spot Herk loading a safe onto
the bed of a truck. They start off by building a roof garden with
a day care center, and while the rest of the tenants go at it,
Eric takes the kids on a hike. They start racing until the police
break it up. They start talking and find each other friendly.
They start teaching each other dance moves and Javier convinces
her to "feel the music". They start to leave only to be
confronted by the same man, Monsieur Lebec (Lionel Royce). They
stay in Top's beach house for several days. They steal a Harley-
Davidson motorcycle, which Patricia knows how to drive, promising
the owner to bring it right back and lose both the map and Agent
Rivera in another chase. They steal a boat and hide out in a
lighthouse, where they rekindle their romance. They steal his
client list and give it to Britney so she can win back her old
customers. They step inside and it transports them to a land
where everyone acts like they are in a pornographic film. They
still have a long way to go, but it’s a start. They still live in
the Sultenfuss' funeral home in Madison, Pennsylvania, while her
Uncle Phil (Masur) has moved to Los Angeles, where he now works
as a mechanic. They still manage to escape and the after a merry
chase through the mountains head back to town. They stop at a
wedding chapel/hotel and get married. They stop the car and
Denis, in his underwear, goes to find his shirt, which he finds
in a puddle of mud being eaten by a pair of raccoons. They stop
to listen to a street band and police show up, stopping Javier
while Katey runs away. They storm off into the jungle and the
safari leaves without them. They stow away on board a Rio-bound
ship, after accidentally starting some fires at a circus. They
struggle and Von Luber falls overboard. They subsequently find a
bookstore named "Embryo Concepts". They subsequently learn that
the only way Henri can get a visa to emigrate with her is under
the War Bride Act as the spouse of a member of the expeditionary
forces. They succeed, and Paul and Lauren are finally brought
together. They swap stories about their lives including how
Justine feels unappreciated by Phil and Holden tells her of his
obsession with Salinger's novel, The Catcher in the Rye, from
where he got his name. They take a taxi cab to the airport and
along the way they say goodbye to various Porpoise Spit
"attractions" (such as the shopping mall, the beach, the
tourists, and the condos) and ride off to a more promising
future. They take her to the emergency room, and Jimmy makes up a
lie to Ed, Gretchen's father, that Doug used to play football.
They take her to the hospital for a pregnancy test and trick her
into admitting the truth. They take him for a millionaire, and
use "Linda" to lure him into one of their swindles. They take him
prisoner, strip him down to his underpants, and tie him to a
toilet in a motel. They take him to have his chest waxed, which
he gives up halfway. They take him to the cemetery where they
visit the grave of Julie’s mother, and Julie tells him how her
mother died. They take over a wayside inn where he will be
staying, and Beaumarchais devises a plot intended to humiliate
Garrick by frightening him into returning to England. They take
pride in turning out well trained secretaries. They take refuge
with their law-abiding cousin Bobby, who runs a fish and chip
shop in Glasgow, Scotland. They talk about their futures and the
fact that Beth is resigned to the fact that her life after this
is not going to get much better but that Denis has so many
opportunities available to him. They talk about their
relationship in the past tense. They talk about what to eat for
dinner before thinking about running a furniture business. They
talk and Val mocks Billies beliefs on luck and her immaturity
(All at Once). They talk and it is revealed that he is a virgin
and is waiting for the "right one". They talk to each other and
discover that both Bruce and Peter Danilo wanted Eric separated
from Polly, for different selfish reasons. They talk, but she
cannot answer the question he asks as to why she had not left him
for his neglect. They team up to win back Sophia and Lola, but
Max still gives in and uses the dive trip as a distraction to
steal the diamond, which works perfectly when Mooré's man tries
at the same time is a caught after the fake plan doesn't work.
They tell Ardita that they have been giving a charity performance
that afternoon and at the end had relieved the audience of their
valuables, and now intended to use the yacht to escape. They tell
Play that they didn't like what was done to the three blind
rappers earlier in the film (they were stiffed on the pay for a
show) so they opted to come back to Kid & Play giving Showboat
two new acts instead of just one. They tell her it doesn't have
to end, but don't go into any details. They tell his close
colleagues, Tony (Adam Goldberg) and Thayer (Thomas Lennon),
Andie knew about the bet all along and was playing along to help
Ben win. They then adopt Charlie and Sasha, before enjoying their
new life together. They then begin to live in their van. They
then bring on “Baby Rose” a former child star to be in their show
who performs a number she learned (Way Out West). They then
decide that they will stick around instead and find another way
to support themselves (Babes in Arms). They then discover the
body of Lou Pender (Paul Fix), the would-be burglar, who had
masqueraded as North. They then enlist Kate to be the
heartbreaker. They then escape back to Valerie's place where work
continues on the space ship. They then fight about her
controlling nature and his slacker ways and go their separate
ways on bad terms. They then find that they have luckily drifted
to their destination. They then get mixed up with the distraught
Lucia, who first thanks them, then unexpectedly turns them over
to the ship's captain. They then go to Nick's friend's hotel that
he's staying at. They then have to figure out a way to get her
off the ship, and it is arranged that she marry his aged valet,
Hudson (Patrick Cargill). They then kidnap Neil Diamond to help
Darren and Sandy reunite. They then kiss each other and fly back
to the castle. They then kiss. They then marry and begin a long
and happy future together, insofar as the ever-present threat of
zombie apocalypse permits. They then marry and have their baby
together. They then see their missing ball in a photograph taken
at the science presentation. They then share a kiss and reflect
on their night. They then share a kiss. They then sing a love
song about how they feel as though they have met before (Where or
When). They then sing and flirt about how they do not care that
their relationship is over (I Wish I Were in Love Again). They
then take Hope (Tracy Zahoryin) and her boyfriend Dave (Josh
Holland) as hostages. They then take the guys' party bus to the
club, forcing the guys to either take a Chippendale-type bus, or
walk. They then talk about the first time they slept together,
which leads to an argument. They then travel out to Old Tobacco
Road where Denis and Beth drink and converse about their roles in
high school and why exactly Denis fell for Beth; he admits it was
because she was pretty and he always sat behind her. They then
walk to the main room where musicians and other dancing guests
are in attendance. They tie him up and drive to the buyers,
unaware that Lambert has outsmarted them (what they think is the
covered statue is actually an unconscious Dimples). They tie up
and gag Tripp and lock him and Paula together in a room. They
toss a coin to decide; Ted jokingly says he will get a job if it
lands on its side. They tour the City by the Bay by cable car,
sample some especially spicy curry (much to his chagrin), and
nearly—but not quite—kiss with the Golden Gate Bridge as a
backdrop. They track her down to a dance hall where she is hoping
to win a prize. They transition into the day of show and show the
final number of the follies performed by Baby Rose (Johnny One
Note). They travel to California to join a sex-therapy group,
where much goes wrong, but all ends well. They travel to the
YouTube headquarters, where they meet a receptionist named
Stephanie (Helbig) who introduces them to the President of the
company, Steve YouTube (Michael Ian Black). They travel to the
seaside community of Ocean View to find and profile the person
behind the ad. They try out their new manners at a barn-raising,
where they meet six women they like — Dorcas, Ruth, Martha, Liza,
Sarah, and Alice. They try to call Sam but he is unable to answer
the phone as he is busy in bed with Miriam. They try to co-exist
in the same company, while Laida tries to oppose Miggy's business
decisions through a series of events which made them realize the
real definition of true love. They try to disrupt the
relationship with salacious incidents taken from their mother's
fiction books, presenting them as true things their mother has
done, hoping Kingsley would be displeased. They try to do this in
the standard Western way (riding alongside and jumping on), but a
modern train proves to be resistant to such an approach and they
give up. They try to hitchhike to Caracas, where Andy has heard
the women greatly outnumber the men, but fail at that as well.
They try to persuade her to change her mind, and Marvin's
children are equally doubtful. They try to put Laida's family in
front of her, but it doesn't seem to make her smile. They try to
sneak in, but are captured. They turn out to be the Phi Iota Mu
sorority, and snobbishly reject her when she tries to join them.
They ultimately confess their real identities to the audience and
are accepted for who they are. They unite and kiss. They use her
to attract marriageable young rich men, whom they swindle. They
use their income to buy an entire fleet of shrimp boats. They
vacation for the summer on the Greek island of Santorini. They
venture to the local LGBT center so Casey can volunteer for an
upcoming event, and Casey meets Zack (Chris Salvatore), a
gorgeous frequent visitor. They vie for the favours of exotic
(and half-Scottish) Princess Lala (Dorothy Lamour), a cousin of
the Prince (Murvyn Vye). They vow eternal friendship, and before
going their separate ways, promise to reunite exactly ten years
later at the same spot. They wake the lovers and, since Demetrius
no longer loves Hermia, Theseus over-rules Egeus's demands and
arranges a group wedding. They wake to find that each is in the
other's body. They wake up an irritable, ailing Olaf, so Caroline
introduces her as Sylvia's friend from college. They walk around
Boston and begin to bond. They wander aimlessly, seeing a drive-
in restaurant, but it's a mirage. They wander the streets, afraid
of going back to face Amy/Tillie, who has camped in the hotel
lobby, waiting for him to show his face. They want the earrings.
They want to show off their tricks and begin gently with panting
and moaning. They warn Lord de Winter and the Duke of Buckingham.
They watch from the Yankees dugout (he owns part of the team).
They watch over him with smiling faces, then depart as friends
for eternity. They were both on the golf team at the University
of Houston. They were on the run from two corrupt cops and were
able to escape using fabricated documents, explaining why he kept
his life a secret from Kathy all these years. They were quite
comfortable up until the end of World War I, with Charlotte
Bartlett leaving them all her money in her will, but the war
ruined their happiness according to Forster. They will live
together instead, travel around the country with a rock band and
heed the advice and wisdom of a Hindu mystic called the Baba Zeba
(Professor Irwin Corey). They will pretend Melissa has fallen in
love with another man and decided to marry him, which will force
Jason's hand. They will read their lines from a teleprompter so
that the secret will be kept until the last minute. They win the
contest and are sent off to spend some time together at a luxury
hotel at Oropesa del Mar. They wind up in a struggle under a
tree, in the process discovering that this is where Fella's
father's fortune is hidden. They work in the publicity department
for the Miramar Hotel and have to follow Victor Macfarland
(Zachary Scott), a self-made millionaire who's trying to get on
the financial advisory committee for the President. They work
together on the case for the cleaning ladies, winning a judgment
when they discover that there has been a fraud with their
payroll. They worry about her, without realizing that she is
spending her final days at the beach in Malagá happily with
Briones. They would never see each other or know who the other
is, since Jack is out all night and sleeps during the day, and
Mary is taking a job selling refrigerators by telephone, which
keeps her out all day. They wrap the body in blankets and then
Joe calls Abigail and asks to borrow her van. They write a song
"Fairytale" together, until Kandi returns for her claim on the
single and emotionally tortures Ty to leave Elle or she would sue
everyone related to him. They're both looking for 'The One', but
don't recognize it when they find it. They're finally brought
together when both of their trains stop at the same station;
George still covered in paper airplanes and Meg holding his
lipstick-marked paper airplane. They've already split up once,
and now they're giving it one more try, but the bedroom of their
New York apartment is not a happy place. Things are awkward and
become worse when Kevin shows up with his army buddies, and Denis
and Rich are assaulted and Denis' house (the kitchen) is trashed.
Things are going smoothly but the two make a pact not to let men
interfere with their life. Things are idyllic at first, but after
living together for a while, they begin to quarrel constantly.
Things become complicated when his love interest Polly (Ann
Rutherford) introduces him to a seductive psychology student
(Esther Williams), while his friends continue to delay the
payment for his automobile. Things become even more complicated
when Emily learns she is pregnant, and is uncertain if Tom or her
boyfriend, Elliot is the father. Things become worse when Izzie
has a failed double date with Dylan, and she starts to become
insecure about her own appearance, something that concerns Rosie.
Things begin to happen when the Cottons, a wealthy American
family, inherit nearby Scoatney Hall and become the Mortmains'
new landlords. Things begin to look better for her as she bonds
with the children and their sexy principal, and finally begins to
get the hang of being a mom. Things between Greg and Jack go from
bad to worse during a game of water volleyball, where Jack
becomes irritated with Greg's incompetent playing, and in an
attempt to play more seriously, Greg accidentally hits Debbie
while spiking the ball, giving her a bloody nose and a black eye;
and when Greg later uses a malfunctioning toilet (and claims that
Jinx used it, which Jack does not accept), the Byrnes' yard is
flooded with sewage. Things come to a head in California when,
acting as if everything is all right, Charley comes home to his
wife. Things do not quite work out the way she expected and Ally
remembers why it didn't work out with those men in the first
place. Things don't turn out as well as planned when he spills
the wine and a fire occurs. Things even work out in the end for
Carter as he makes a commercial for acne medication. Things
eventually begin to spiral out of control for the two, as Play is
also planning the bachelor party while trying to keep Kid's three
younger cousins from Detroit (Immature) in line, and Kid's ex-
girlfriend Sydney (Tisha Campbell) has come back to town, which
is news that doesn't please Veda at all. Things get complicated
when an office romance develops between the unlikely pair. Things
get even more complicated when, after Polly returns home without
Peabody, police suspect him of murder. Things get so complicated
that the men finally hatch a daring plan: kidnap Ray, lie to Eva
about his death in an accident and cajole her into leaving the
city. Things get worse when Josh and Ace get caught up fishing
and turn up late for a party to celebrate Josh's engagement.
Things get worse when Micah, Marianne's 20-year-old boyfriend,
contracts chlamydia from sleeping with mrs Griffith, the school
guidance counsellor, and blames it all on Olive. Things go from
bad to worse when he realizes he will be sitting next to Alison
as she heads to UCLA to visit her boyfriend Jason (Boyd Gaines).
Things look dark for Andy, but his father goes from despair to
success when he wins the orphanage case. Things start to go wrong
when Kevin introduces Charlie to his mother, Viola Fields (Jane
Fonda). Things take a dive for the worse in eighth grade when
Juli overhears Bryce talking to Garrett about her mentally
challenged uncle. Things take a turn for the worse, however,
because Nancy's oldest son, John-John (Malik Hammond) is jealous
of Benjamin going out with his mother and plots to break up the
relationship. Things take an ugly turn when Art is trying this
scam with mobster Gene (Danny Aiello) whose father just died.
Things turn sour for the film idol when a fellow actor, Freddie
Stevens (Jack Plotnick) (famous in the film for portraying
"Captain Astro" in a succession of Buck Rogers or Flash Gordon-
type serial films), decides to steal the lead in Ben-Hur from Guy
by taking a picture of Guy exiting a gay bar. Things with Juli
start to change when Juli gives Bryce and his family a batch of
chicken eggs. Thinking Helen is at her interview, Gerry goes to
see Lydia. Thinking Henry was deceiving her, Toni ends their
relationship. Thinking Ken is too young for her to have a future
with, she hides the pregnancy from him. Thinking everyone forgot
his birthday, Larry returns home (which still has the muddy
driveway and lawn) to a surprise party with his family and
friends in attendance. Thinking he is going crazy, he calls
Harry, who does not believe him and advises him to meet with
someone else to take his mind off things. Thinking he was blind,
Nora allowed Dick to touch her face and then kissed him, only to
then find out that he was able to see. Thinking it may by chance
be a man with the same name Johnny contacts all the "John Grey"s
of Rochester to find out that none were married in England.
Thinking its him, 'Fearless' agrees to tell Chuck. Thinking
quickly, the Kid fashions himself a Santa suit and begins
collecting donations. Thinking she is a Spanish escort, he hires
her to pose as his fiancée. Thinking that Jimmy had abandoned
him, Albert tells him he's now joined up with the gang. Thinking
that Rocky is an undercover cop setting them up, the gangsters
flee, telling Rocky that he has blown his last chance. Thinking
that her career will come first, Gail does not like her predicted
future but finds herself taking an unexpected turn that takes her
into a shop that sells sailboats. Thinking that the DVD is for a
prank, he does not do so. Thinking the worst, Basil prepares to
fire Polly and tells the Lloyds to leave. Thinking they can get
anything they want, Duke and Chester adopt the tough persona and
head to the saloon. Thirteen years after the timeline and finale
of the original series, Timmy Turner (Drake Bell) has grown into
a twenty-three-year-old man-child by maintaining a lifestyle
considered extremely immature for his age. Thirteen years later,
in 1998, 29-year-old Ted is still in love with Mary. Thirteen
years pass, and it is the Gay Nineties ("Ta Ra Ra Boom"; "Green
Carnation"). Thirty years later Elisabeth (Xuxa) is the
president's father graphic empire, while her twin sister, Mel
(Xuxa), runs a school of performing arts in a poor community.
Thirty-seven-year-old Loretta Castorini (Cher), a Sicilian-
American widow, is a bookkeeper in Brooklyn Heights, New York,
where she lives with her family: her father Cosmo (Vincent
Gardenia) a successful plumber; her mother Rose (Olympia
Dukakis); and her paternal grandfather (Feodor Chaliapin, Jr).
This Ghost shows him that if Frank continues on this path, Claire
will become cold-hearted and Calvin will be committed to a mental
institution. This John Grey (Franchot Tone is shocked, since he
is about to marry the socialité daughter, Lois (Frances Rafferty,
of his boss mr Evans (Clarence Kolb) of his architectural firm
that same weekend. This acceptance on her mother's part gives
Jessica the confidence to come out in the open with her
relationship with Helen, and invites her as her guest to her
brother's wedding. This acts as a more effective apology from
Beca, and after the performance, she and Jesse kiss. This
agreement is meant to rule out any form of jealousy. This alarms
Kelsi, who is writing the show, so she immediately signs up
everyone in their homeroom for it instead. This all changes when
Rebecca declares she is pregnant and when questioned by Samuel
about her birth control she replies birth control is only 97% of
the time effective. This allows him to cut the date short and put
a very sleepy Betty to bed. This also means that the two must
perform together, an arrangement that both are unhappy with. This
angers Tina's pal Marni (Bethany Joy Lenz) who had the position
staked out, but at the urging of Dean Sebastian (Kevin Cooney),
Tina goes along with the plan, taking Whittier under her wing.
This apple then becomes the representation of Jarrod in several
claymation scenes of the film. This assumption makes Troy become
angry and confused about which college he is going to, and he
runs away, storming around East High bewildered until he finally
screams at the top of his lungs in the theater ("Scream"). This
bachelor doesn’t seem to mind a good chase. This backfires,
however: both he and Ellen find themselves enjoying embracing and
kissing. This band of outsiders becomes Larry's new family as he
struggles as an actor and works toward a break in Hollywood. This
becomes clear to everyone on a day when the herding car flips
over, dislocating Kurt's shoulder and cutting Chips up. This
becomes the first part of Irving's Dickensian-style tale. This
behaviour causes Miss Bartlett some consternation, as it appears
impolite. This cartoon contains the Looney Tunes-logo, but the
Merrie Melodies-leader can be heard. This caused Marty to be
vigilant of Sally's whereabouts during that evening but failed to
intervene. This causes Akeem's parents to travel to Queens and
expose Akeem's identity as a prince to the McDowells. This causes
Alice to break off her engagement with Geoffrey. This causes
Gracie to laugh manically. This causes Joseph to abruptly attempt
an escape. This causes Quinn to accidentally step on Guillaume's
heirloom violin and he crushes it, which causes a slap fight
between the two. This causes Val to decide to put on their own
follies. This causes conflict when Connie falls for Jeff (David
Duchovny), the straight brother of Robert (Stephen Spinella), one
of their drag queen friends. This causes jealousy in her
protective friend Tarry Childs, who plays for the football team,
but he wants Erin to be happy. This clinch earns her the
suspicion of FBI agents Mike Downey (Matthew Modine) and Ed
Benitez (Oliver Platt), and also of Tony's wife Connie (Mercedes
Ruehl), who repeatedly confronts Angela with accusations of
stealing her husband. This colorful group of defiant and
energetic third-agers start to show Sandra that retirement is in
fact only the beginning, and that divorce might just give her a
whole new lease of life and love. This comes as no surprise to dr
Dreyfuss or his wife, who long assumed Baxter was a womanizing
playboy from all the noise coming from his apartment at all
hours. This comes to a head during the hustings at Wilcot Hall
where they are caught embracing in the maze by their respective
agents. This complicates his budding relationship with Lena, as
well as his plan to exploit a loophole in a Healthy Choice
promotion and amass a million frequent flyer miles by buying
large quantities of pudding. This conceals the fact that Miranda
has a fish tail instead of legs. This contest of wills continues
until a character shows up from Bobby Jack's recent past that
surprises everyone, while forcing Murphy and Emma to reevaluate
the nature of their relationship. This culminates in him telling
her he really does love her. This delay causes Max to miss his
flight and, having failed to report to the directors in person,
he is suspended from work and trading activities for one week.
This displeases the maid Anna, with whom Bruno was co-habiting,
and in a fit of rage she lures Bruno to Pamela's room, kills him,
and then runs off. This does not contribute to the couple's
marital bliss; he has insisted that she quit working, so she does
not see much of him during either the day or the night. This does
the trick. This doesn't go over too well with his long-time
fiancée, Isabella Alexander (Anne Francis), the demanding
daughter of aS. This done, Herbie pursues Hawk around the
building's perimeter - even following him outside onto a ledge -
until Mrs Steinmetz orders him to desist. This done, the alley
cats and Frou-Frou fight Edgar, while Roquefort frees Duchess and
the kittens. This earns Sydney respect from different cliques,
and she gets the number one rank on the school's "hottest"
website, which infuriates Rachel more than ever. This enables
them to move into a much fancier apartment. This event changes
the lives of Halley and Scarlett forever. This eventually leads
to Dick causing Flostre to fall and knock himself out. This
eventually works, as do whatever measures Grace took to keep her
pills away from Geraldine. This fact, at odds with her
traditional, religious upbringing, distresses her and she puts
every effort into becoming heterosexual. This failure causes him
to use his little black book to contact various women with whom
he has a casual relationship. This fascination reaches a peak
when an ad with the headline "Desperately Seeking Susan" seeks a
rendezvous in Battery Park with the man who regularly seeks her
(ie. This film is a retelling of the Cinderella fairy tale in a
modern setting with Mary Santiago, a high school student with
ambitions of becoming a dancer, taking the role of Cinderella.
This film is about Zach Baker (Hunt) and his quest to go back
through his past experiences with women so he will have the
perfect date with his lifelong friend, Abbey (Graham). This film
is an existential look at the lives of Jefferson (Jake) played by
Kevin Bacon and Kristy Briggs, played by Elizabeth McGovern ,
from their wedding day until the birth of their first child. This
finally convinces Stanley of Sophie's authenticity and he has an
emotional epiphany, feeling that his lifelong rationalism and
cynicism have been misguided. This finally makes him realize whom
he truly loves. This forces the revelation that Charles received
most of his money through drug deals and buying off judges. This
gives Todd the strength to overcome Gus and knocks him out to a
roaring ovation. This goes on for two years, but ends when Juli
catches Bryce throwing the eggs into the trash can and tells him
she's lost over a hundred dollars giving him the eggs when she's
been selling them to her neighbors. This halts, however, when as
Juli sniffs him, she begins to whisper answers in his ear. This
has an unexpected result of fame and popularity as the high
school is overwhelmed with "Wolf Fever", which quickly alienates
Scott from Boof and from his teammates as he begins to hog the
ball during games. This has led him to have a dim view of the
idea of becoming a parent. This has the side benefit of
distracting Granny from becoming obsessive and self-centered, or
so Nanny believes to her great relief. This helps the already
dissatisfied Opel people tell Brainstorm they need to come up
with a new idea as they leave. This however clashes with Pepi,
his secretary, who is also in love with Christel. This incites a
number of students to also admit dork status including Tyler,
Jeremy, Spanky and Dinky. This incites disgust and scorn from
nearly everyone on the show towards Celeste, but the scandal
ignites renewed interest in the show, causing the ratings to
skyrocket. This incites jealous anger in Crash, who is frustrated
by Nuke's failure to recognize all the talent he was blessed
with. This infuriates Beca, which turns her budding friendship
with Jesse sour. This infuriates the homophobic Tadd, and he hits
her. This is a reference to the witch persecutions in Europe and
America between the 15th and 19th centuries, the most famous of
which were the Salem Witch Trials, although no "witches" were
burned in the Salem hysteria. This is a romantic comedy with
money, bad tempers and love in the balance. This is complicated
by his new relationship with SanDeE* and by Sara's feeling of
obligation to Roland. This is how Norris made his way to and from
the crime scene in ten minutes. This is how the story begins, and
then we find out what really happened, as the story of Claire
Ledux is revealed. This is just fine with Gaspard, as he has
fallen for Janine. This is known to only one person in the
village, the Church of Ireland minister, the Rev. This is not
Wendell's only problem. This is the point at which Darcy begins
to see the attraction of Elizabeth, and Miss Bingley is shown to
be jealous of Elizabeth since she wants to marry Darcy herself.
This is upsetting to wealthy Dorothy "Dottie" Peale, a media
mogul who wanted a close friend of her father's to get the
position. This is when Jill Tanner (Goldie Hawn) moves into an
apartment next door to Don. This is witnessed by Emily, who
explains things to Derek. This just causesJ. This leads Julius to
tell of a tradition that if a couple kiss in a gondola beneath
the Bridge of Sighs in Venice at sunset while the church bells
toll, they will be in love forever. This leads Miguel to believe
that she will be supporting Marcus as he volunteers as a doctor
without pay. This leads ms Baldwin to wonder if these young
ladies are onto something. This leads to Rosie becoming even more
insecure, and worrying that Adam will take advantage of his fame
and start looking at younger women. This leads to a violent
stand-off between the two, leading with Viola refusing to accept
Charlie and states she'll never be good enough for Kevin. This
leads to an argument between Winnie and the rest of the Pacific
Vista squad, during which Britney notes, "Spirit Law states that
if there's a cheer mutiny, a squad can vote to replace their
captain". This leads to her adoption into the local Warusha tribe
as "Mama Tembo" ("Mother of Elephants"). This leads to tension
between the twin siblings and Ryan angrily informs Sharpay that
he will no longer obey her orders. This leads to the revelation
that Corey is secretly using Amphetamines. This leads us back to
the counsellor's office, who ultimately advises them to try to
make it to the one-year marker. This leaves Calvin unhappy,
knowing her happiness is artificial. This leaves Henry trying to
work out his unresolved feelings for Dean. This leaves the couple
free to pursue their romance. This leaves the girls to look after
the dairy. This love triangle of sorts affects Tomás's work life,
causing him to pass out during a presentation. This makes Helen
realize that she isn't cut out to be a parent and so she turns
the children over into Jenny's custody. This makes Matthew so
angry that he adds another weight onto Rod's "penile power"
device, hurting him. This makes Nancy realize that she has grown
to love Julia despite her many flaws (and her having "won"
Charles), and she begs her to stay. This man sees Claire and
recognizes her from st Petersburg. This man turns out to be
Dodge's estranged father, Frank (Martin Sheen). This mischief is
not fully explained, but her liking for it is suggested by her
audacity. This misinformation gives the women and the brothers
their wish: the townspeople, including the girls' fathers, insist
that all six couples marry at once in a shotgun wedding,
performed by the parson while Adam and Milly watch and the
fathers stand behind their daughters' grooms, shotguns over their
arms. This motif is found in other variants of the tale as well,
such as The Cinder Maid, collected by Joseph Jacobs, and the
Finnish The Wonderful Birch. This motley crew is at first no
match for Pellet or anybody else in the race, but tossing useless
garbage overboard, a strong breeze and a large pair of pants
enable Jack to enjoy a victory at sea. This moves something in
Grace and when Tom comes to visit, she tells him that she knows
he still loves Ellen and he should go to Miami and marry her.
This movie was a tribute to Burman. This new development worsens
the tension between Holden and Banky, who hates and mistrusts
Alyssa and is disturbed by her and Holden's relationship. This
new personality gives him the self-confidence to pursue one of
his students, Stella Purdy. This novel is the story of the
Berrys, a quirky New Hampshire family composed of a married
couple, Win and Mary, and their five children. This offends Kurt,
who knocks the Frenchman down. This one's for Allison, and I want
it to last forever. This person is obviously Rosalee, but a news
crew outside her house signals her success at winning a date with
Tad Hamilton, and as Pete sees her off at the airport he sadly
warns her to guard her "carnal treasure". This person predicts
his future and gives him a donkey to take him in the right
direction if he pats its back and feeds him flour. This piques
the interest of the woman at the other end and she suggests a
real life meeting. This pivotal moment in the film leads to the
pair finally declaring their fondness of one another. This
potential ménage à trois where the two men are competing for the
lady's attention is interrupted by a fourth visitor. This
prevents mrs Morgan from learning who Francey is, but she
accidentally finds out from Francey herself during a conversation
in Francey's apartment. This prompted Miggy to realize his
feelings to Laida igniting a change in him and wishing Laida to
be more closer to him as well as being more friendly with the
rest of his team. This prompts Scott to confess to Dianne who he
really is. This prompts her to initiate a conversation with Tom
in which he reveals that he accidentally killed her dog and she
reveals she slept with Peter. This proves difficult, as Celia
still longs for her deceased husband and has not dated since his
death. This proves difficult, as the angel is unable to speak in
human language (though she has no trouble understanding it), and
is unaccustomed to the limitations/requirements of life as a
mortal. This proves to be a hit, and Teresita becomes a star,
while Bates becomes Farrell's new publicity manager. This proves
to be an epiphany for him as he realizes that most women,
especially at work, dislike him and consider him to be sleazy.
This provokes a catfight between Juli and Shelly over Bryce. This
puts a strain on his relationship with Lisa, who leaves him. This
quickly leads to the pair undressing one another with the
encouragement of Casey who is attempting to get the right
chemistry between the actors for the show. This rejuvenated
Marty's feelings for Sally and immediately goes to her house but
he overhears her parents physically beating her. This renders her
devoid of estrogen; her famous libido goes dead. This results in
a feud between the two. This results in a raise and promotion for
Thea, as well as the beginning of a romantic relationship between
her and Nick after breaking off her fake engagement with Miles.
This results in disaster for Wade as she is immediately fired
from her lobbyist job for failing to achieve her objectives, as
well as seemingly jeopardizing her political reputation. This
results in funny situations. This results in ms Darbus announcing
they will create a play about their final days at East High,
called Senior Year. This results in their separation, and when
Ben expresses amusement at Pete's deception, it leads to a heated
argument with Alison as they drive to her doctor. This reveals to
Steven that Celeste is indeed an alien and that she has fallen in
love with him and accepted Jessie as her own daughter. This
revelation sends a shock through their little world, and soon the
‘break-up virus,’ and its after-effect, the ‘inappropriate hook
up virus,’ make their way through the rest of the characters.
This ruins the concert, as well as the party and its ceremonial
cake. This scene is cross-cut with groom Joel McCrea hurriedly
changing from one formal suit to another while rushing to church
for the wedding. This segment is narrated by Edgar Bergen in
live-action sequences, who, with the help of his ventriloquist
dummies Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd, tells the tale to
child actress Luana Patten at her birthday party. This sequence
was choreographed by Patricia Birch and her assistant
choreographer was Jonathan Cerullo. This serves dual purposes, as
Jennifer uses it to get the passing Wallace to rescue her from
the flames. This sets off a subplot in which Julianne must
pretend to be the dutiful maid of honor while secretly scheming
ways to prevent the wedding from happening. This sets the library
on fire, which sets off the water sprinklers. This sets up an
unusual love triangle involving Tom, Gil, and Cecilia. This short
was one of many featured in Donald Duck's 50th Birthday. This so
disgusts Alexis that he tells Victor that he is through with the
scheme; Victor, after trying to bluff him into submission,
pretends to give up and gives him back his passport and his bad
check. This speech touches Jesse, and he thanks Celeste. This
spurs Cady to fully commit to Janis's plan to cut off Regina's
"resources", which involve breaking Regina and Aaron up, tricking
her into eating nutrition bars that actually make her gain
weight, and turning Regina's fellow Plastics against her. This
strange realm is populated by people who have committed suicide,
such as Eugene, a Russian musician who lives with his mother,
father, and brother – all suicide victims. This subplot provides
for several set pieces in which the choir performs and Gospel
music plays a significant role. This tension comes to a head at a
party at the country club, which features Joe Santo as a musical
guest, performing bluegrass songs on the violin with a small
country group. This time Phileine will not let this happen and
makes a huge state by disrupting the play. This time Sullivan
succeeds in living like a hobo. This time Susan/Linda falls in
love with the intended victim, and it's hard for them to find
their way to happiness. This time he convinces her to spend the
day with him. This time it will be against Carter, who has
changed sides from Duluth to Chicago. This time she agrees. This
time she tells her unseen, silent therapist that she has decided
to stay single and try to get to know herself. This time the
judge threatens to throw the book at Petey, sentencing him to six
months in jail. This time, Oscar is the calm one while Charity is
scared — scared that she is starting to depend on him. This time,
she accepts. This time, when Matt finds her huddled alone in the
closet, she kisses him. This time, when her husband shows up
slightly later, he is armed and threatens Carter, since he knows
his wife is hiding in the bedroom. This trip, Nora has brought
Gordon for her grandmothers' approval. This unique personality
gradually propels Sydney's popularity as seen on the university
website. This upsets Becca's family who develops a disdain for
Crawl, and Travis who becomes so jealous he punches Crawl in the
face. This upsets Janie, who schemes to break up the couple. This
upsets Martha greatly, although she manages to hide it. This
upsets Renata and the siblings' rapport becomes strained. This
version is much more intense than that of Perrault and Disney, in
that Cinderella's father did not die and the step sisters cut off
their own toes to fit in the golden slipper. This version starred
Shari Lewis and Lamb Chop. This version was then re-released in
1994, as part of Disney Favorite Stories collection. This was
Doc's wife, the mother of his children. This was the last film to
be released within Gable's lifetime (his final film, The Misfits,
was released posthumously) and his last film in color. This world
is very different, and she finds it difficult to adjust. This,
along with Candace's desire to have the perfect wedding, heaps on
the stress. This, however, turns into a disaster when Michael
sees Candace getting a lap dance; he charges to attack the
dancer, leading to an all-out fight between the guys, the ladies,
and the dancers. Thomas Barclay (Michael Craig) left the military
and has now tendered his resignation from Carr's automobile
company. Thomas, a schoolboy, is, like Cassandra, considered
"tolerably bright". Thomas, who had earlier resented having to
get Tansy out of her various scrapes, uses his army training and
tracks the pair down. Thorndyke (with his assistant Havershaw
acting as co-driver) pulls every trick in the book to ensure he
and his Thorndyke Special are leading at end of the first leg of
the race. Thorndyke finally snaps, and persuades Carole to take
Jim out on a date while he sneaks round to Jim's house. Thorndyke
then arrives and claims that this makes him the new owner of the
car. Thorndyke, thinking he is Herbie's new owner, gloats to Jim
about what he's going to do to Herbie and kicks Herbie's front
fender, and punches Jim, but Herbie then unexpectedly lurches
into life and chases Thorndyke from the scene, showing he is more
than willing to race on. Those business meetings which preceded
prompts Miggy to almost miss a wedding that Laida and him would
go to. Those that haven’t started changing yet, either start to
change or fade away into dust. Those with the zombie virus are
called the "stricken", "sorry stricken", "un-dead",
"unmentionables", or "zombies". Though Babe initially hopes to
just get a good story on the new heir, she eventually falls for
the unfailingly kind-hearted Deeds, and decides to tell him that
she is not who she says she is, but Inside Access, in concert
with Cedar (who was fed the truth by the fake robber and was
smitten with Babe) reveals it to Deeds first. Though Brad's
selfish, cruel manner makes Anna uncomfortable, she continues
dating him and they become engaged. Though Bridget's father had
accepted this, Greta could not and cut ties with both of them.
Though Brooklyn is friendly and charming, and John likes her,
Doris is devastated. Though Bugs is initially reluctant due to
the fact that Ketty broke his heart, he goes to the General's
office nevertheless and confuses the General himself into jail.
Though Chris aces Hathway's exam, Chris and Mitch's efforts
appear to be ruined when Kent sabotages the laser. Though Dean
comforts Henry, Pike does the opposite by secluding himself.
Though Denise has not been able to bring herself to flee her
husband, even as he kills their closest friends, the remaining
bonds of love that have held Danny back from killing his bride
seem to have dissolved. Though Duncan's father grounds him, after
he cooled off for a bit, he is no longer grounded and he begins
to spend more time with his son until he learns that Duncan used
his father's credit card. Though Ginger turns away from him, he
follows her into the tent and takes her in his arms. Though
Hallie says that she and Duncan are only going to dinner and a
movie, she and Duncan sneak away from the Secret Service at the
movie theater after sharing a kiss. Though Hemant is initially
angry, he is glad for her honesty and - as the affair only
reminded Aditi why she stopped seeing Vikram - is confident that
they can put it behind them and be happy together. Though Jimmy's
heart is set on Mary, Meekin persuades him to try proposing to
other women to save them both from ruin or even possibly jail.
Though Johnny is turned down, Mibs wants to get married anyway.
Though Julie and the officers and troopers of the Regiment
despise Dike for doing this, the gentlemanly Colonel Armstrong
suggests a scheme to win his Regiment over; the Colonel and Dike
swap mounts. Though Marisa and Chris are attracted to each other,
Marisa is terrified that management will find out about the ruse
and makes it a point to avoid Chris afterwards. Though Nadia
cannot speak English and John cannot speak Russian, they soon
bond. Though Nikko is skeptical and condescendingly rejects her
offer, Courtney begs him to come to a carnival to see the choir
perform and then make his decision. Though Paula is demanding,
and makes clear from the start that she doesn't like Elliot, he
allows her and Lucy to stay. Though Pickering and his mother
caution him not to, Higgins allows Karpathy to dance with Eliza.
Though Rosalee is still cynical of him as he uses a line from one
of his films, his admission of not having "his priorities
straight" seems to convince her of his good intentions. Though
Sam is becoming better, Henry has the feeling that he should stay
with his helpless grandfather because he himself fears becoming
an orphan. Though Stevenson reassures an anxious Theodora that
only he and his secretary know her identity, his wife Ethel (Nana
Bryant) pressures him into an introduction, which the book's
illustrator Michael Grant (Melvyn Douglas) overhears. Though
Susan claims to be merely annoyed, Julia sees that Susan loves
the young man and does her best to bring the two together. Though
at first she genuinely likes Norbit and cares about him, going as
far as intimidating other kids into letting Norbit play with them
– Rasputia's kindness deteriorates as she grows up to be an
ignorant, arrogant, vindictive, and mean-spirited woman. Though
awkward at first, Dan dismisses any conflict when he realizes
that Eliot is "the Baxter" that Cecil mentioned and actually
thanks him for letting her stay at his house when they fought.
Though embarrassed by his appearance, Barney accepts an
invitation to dine with Thelma Lou at her sister's house. Though
embarrassed, the throws caution to the wind and accepts a
lighthearted dance-off against Bradley, a former break-dancer.
Though extremely bright, as he gets to know Bunny Watson, he is
surprised to discover that she is every bit his match. Though
happy for him, Cecil is saddened by the news because, like Eliot,
she has always seen herself as a "Baxter" and hoped that the two
could commiserate together. Though he at first rejects Nola's "no
sex" decree, Jamie agrees to it after initially saying no. Though
he ended the relationship she discovered that he was going to see
his mistress again. Though he has a very active sex life, he is
more sexually satisfied by viewing pornography and masturbating,
which enables him to "lose himself". Though he has apologized,
Paige is annoyed when Eddie and she are assigned as lab partners
for an organic chemistry class. Though he is an expert at conning
women, he sometimes worries about what his childhood sweetheart
Mia (Regina King) thinks of his adventures. Though he is excited
about this development, Matt is still depressed that the child
may not be his. Though he makes a last-ditch effort to convince
her to elope, she refuses, and Eliot starts bracing himself for
the worst when Bradley drops by and begins trying to win
Caroline's affections again. Though he steals several bags of
blood from a doctor's office, he quickly finds that he needs
fresh victims. Though initially doubling the money, Lucas soon
loses the entire amount in one bet on a dice table. Though
initially reluctant, Cam agrees. Though initially shocked, Banky
agrees to participate, whereas Alyssa explains to Holden that it
will not save their relationship. Though it just started as a
peck on the cheek, it turns into a passionate kiss. Though
married to the lovely and affectionate Amy Lind Grimes (Frances
Fuller), Grimes still carries a torch for his former sweetheart,
Virginia "Virgie" Brush Barnstead (Fay Wray). Though not openly
upset, she is displeased with his proposal which affects their
interactions the rest of the evening. Though possessing a
photographic memory that enabled him to advance from private to
senior non-commissioned officer in less than 24 hours, Dodo has
one weakness: though his book knowledge enables him to give
lectures on weapons disassembly and ballistics, he is gun shy and
an incompetent marksman. Though she gets all that she wants -
Paris, first class, etc. Though she has achieved financial
success and stability as a mergers and acquisitions associate,
Grace still yearns for social acceptance among the Upper East
Side elite. Though she has found her lifetime companion in Ben
Murphy (John Krasinski), Sadie is distressed to learn that st
Augustine's has only one wedding slot available over the next two
years, though after re-checking their planning book, they find
that the wedding can be held in three weeks. Though she initially
is off put by his looks and his obsession with scifi and horror
films she begins to grow attracted to him when she learns he is
working on a screenplay about the life of Colette. Though she is
attracted to him, she refuses to have anything to do with Steve.
Though silent at first, Matt relents and the two make up,
preparing for the baby's arrival. Though still recognized on
occasion, Jack's acting career appears to have peaked years ago,
when he had a role in a popular TV soap but now does commercial
voice-overs and plans to enter his future father-in-law's
successful real estate business after he's married. Though
surrounded by ladies desperate for his attention, Charles is
putty in Jean's hands. Though the Latimores attempt to stop him,
Norbit reaches the church and informs Kate of Deion's gold
digging schemes. Though the initial investigation proves
fruitless, Aziz correctly identifies Harry as a spy and tries to
kill him. Though the other professors are inclined to leniency,
Victoria cheerfully quits, finally agreeing with George's view
that she is being stifled there. Though the pair find themselves
marooned in a secluded cove of a seemingly-deserted island, Jenny
soon discovers that they have landed a short distance from the
resort. Though they are initially reluctant to go against
Courtney's wishes, the rest of the group eventually agree that
they need a new routine in order to win the competition. Though
they aren't very enthusiastic at the idea of acting in a film
about the independence movement, Sue eventually manages to
convince them. Though they never make it to the dance, Duncan
feels satisfied with the outcome of the date. Though things do
not go well between them at first, they warm up to one another
and start a relationship. Though ultimately unsuccessful in
preserving La Fortuna, they finally meet at the Nicotine
Anonymous meeting, are then happily married, and have a daughter
together. Though upset, Ben makes friends with Mayor Nick
Nicholson, who is also the owner of the town's cafe, and Melvin,
the local mechanic tasked with repairing his car. Three Russians,
Iranov (Sig Ruman), Buljanov (Felix Bressart), and Kopalsky
(Alexander Granach), are in Paris to sell jewelry confiscated
from the aristocracy during the Russian Revolution of 1917. Three
beautiful American women come to Madrid and fall in love. Three
damned souls, Joseph Garcin, Inès Serrano, and Estelle Rigault,
are brought to the same room in Hell and locked inside by a
mysterious valet. Three days before his wedding, George meets two
intriguing people: Alicia (Verbeke), a Spanish woman who invites
him to a party that night, and Gerard (Girardot), an unlucky-in-
love Frenchman who has just been turned down for a marriage
proposal. Three different times, she accidentally bumps into Tom
Milford, a successful publishing executive, who then asks her for
a date. Three ex-GIs, Ted Riley (Kelly), Doug Hallerton (Dailey)
and Angie Valentine (Kidd) have served in World War II together
and become best friends. Three furry aliens—the blue Mac, the
yellow Zeebo, and the red Wiploc–are traveling in a space ship.
Three girls realizes love between Ishika and Diego and reunite
them. Three months later, Delaney goes to see Zack, who has moved
on to an exterior concessions job at Mellon Arena during
Pittsburgh Penguins games. Three months later, Epifania has
installed labour-saving machines, thus boosting productivity and
making the plant a big success. Three months later, Isolde is
disheartened to have heard nothing from Rock-a-Bye or any of the
other adoption agencies. Three months later, Penelope finds
Bloom, wanting to be with him and to become a con artist. Three
months later, Stephen finds Bloom and convinces him to execute
one final con. Three months later, as she is singing, "Can't Take
My Eyes Off You", with David's daughter, Phoebe, David becomes
upset with Alice, reminding her sternly that she's not Phoebe's
mother; as it's revealed that David's wife died two years ago and
he has not told Phoebe about it, believing that his daughter is
not ready to know, which causes the two to break up. Three of her
suitors protest when Molly Truesdale, on a whim, boards a bus in
New York City to find out what life in the American West is like.
Three other interested parties converge on the valuable rarity: a
Greek billionaire, to whom Margaret's unscrupulous brother has
independently sold the bottle; an amoral French scientist
(Jourdan), who believes it contains the secret to a rejuvenation
formula that he will kill to obtain; and a murderous thug
(Brimble), who wants to sell it himself. Three plots in three
different historical periods—prehistoric times, Ancient Rome, and
modern times (the Roaring Twenties)—are intercut to prove the
point that man's love for woman has not significantly changed
throughout history. Three weeks before her 28th birthday, Michael
tells her that in four days, he will marry Kimmy Wallace (Cameron
Diaz), a 20-year-old University of Chicago student from a wealthy
family. Three years ago, when he was still a high school
sophomore, Marty was often picked on by a bully until Sally
(Rhian Ramos), a gadget inventor, intervened and later helped
Marty get revenge by humiliating the said bully in public. Three
years later, Karan is helping his mother plan a wedding that
turns out to be Rhea's. Thrilled to see his old room, Drew
impetuously offers Tom $250,000 to let him spend Christmas with
the Valcos. Thrilled, Augie and Isolde welcome the infant baby
boy to their home days later, and soon everyone notices the
baby's similarity to Augie. Thrilled, Genius returns again and
again with more of his work. Through a course of events, Donna
discovers that Christine had switched their test booklets when
they were being handed up to their trainer. Through a private
investigator, Julie learns the identity of the donor and meets
him – Paul (Kevin Daniels), a struggling actor and law school
dropout. Through a series of "chance" encounters, she agrees to
teach him how to surf for $150 per hour, and brings Lena, Eden
and Penny along for the ride. Through a series of flashbacks and
flashforwards, we learn Laurence, a former bridge champion who
now teaches the game to wealthy women, went to the airport to
pick up Daniel but missed him because the flight landed early.
Through a series of mishaps, Rhonda ends up accompanying him on
his journey. Through a series of outdoor scenes we see them work
together to form a routine. Through a spyglass, Francesca
observes Teglash leading the advancing army and finds herself
attracted to him. Through a welter of songs into which the
principals break at short intervals she at length decides on a
lord instead of a highwayman. Through a welter of songs into
which the principals break at short intervals, as well as
outrageous Pre-Code comedy, satire and drama, Kitty and Lord
Varney are at length united. Through a wild chase on the streets
near the canal zone of Venice, they race to get it to the cops on
time. Through an elaborate scheme, he plots to get even with the
Johnsons and get his money back. Through getting to know Albert,
Lucy loosens her inhibitions, breaks off her engagement to Bink,
and marries Albert shortly afterwards. Through her "Contacts and
Contracts" company, Mae Swasey is busy scheming to bring couples
together. Through her marriage, Pippa has become the "perfect
wife": loving, supportive, everything to everyone and no one to
herself. Through his firsthand experiences, he grows more
sympathetic to the needs of his workers, while finding unexpected
love with sweet-natured clerk Elizabeth Ellis (Spring Byington).
Through his motorcycle riding guide Roberto he discovers true
love and a career as a Yerba mate exporter. Through it all, the
group manages to find family, love, and acceptance where they
least expected to. Through plots to get Sheeni closer to him he
ends up with several crimes on his hands (including arson, grand
theft auto, and foul play) and is forced to run from the police.
Through some scheming, Maggie and Dick make it into the soiree at
Flostre's home. Through the diary, she learns about the story of
five freedom fighters who were active in the movement:
Chandrasekhar Azad, Bhagat Singh, Shivaram Rajguru, Ashfaqulla
Khan, and Ram Prasad Bismil. Through the early part of their
relationship, Jessica finds in Helen everything she'd dreamed of
finding in a man. Through the machinations of his boss, Graham's
notebook is stolen leading him into a misadventure to try to
recover it. Through the pictures she sends back via internet,
Biyun finally gets to see the familiar face once again. Through
their time together, Newton begins to rely more on Gwen beyond
their agreement, and Gwen starts to feel attached to her life
with Newton. Through this, Ian is dating Butt Massage Girl, Ian's
parents live with them, Anthony has several girlfriends (who he
immediately gets rid of because he only wants Anna), they live in
a much bigger and better house, and Steve "You-too-bay" is now a
pizza delivery man. Throughout everyone eats lots of fruits de
mer, especially Sea Violets. Throughout the film Freddie and
Maura's paths keep crossing, leading to Sophie wrongly assuming
that the two are involved in an illicit affair. Throughout the
film it is insinuated that one of the reasons for the marriage
breakdown originally was the bride's mental health. Throughout
the film, Mikey becomes jealous of Julie, and their parents'
fights about Stuart staying there lead to Mollie kicking out
James. Throughout the film, Terri develops a mutual fondness for
Jay, but she faces competition from Robin Childers (Lauren
Mayhew), who was involved with Jay the previous summer.
Throughout the first season, it is hinted that Jimmy expected the
arrangement to be temporary and he sometimes wonders aloud when
Edgar will move out. Throughout the movie, Sam has many dream
fantasies which star Drew Barrymore as the subject of his
fantasies. Throughout the movie, Will writes journal-like e-mails
to Bowie every day, although Bowie never answers. Throughout the
next several days, the group's efforts prove to be unsuccessful,
partly because all three men give Andy different and sometimes
contradictory advice. Throughout the novel the real Beth shows
that she is nowhere near the perfect girl that Denis has
imagined. Throughout the week, R feeds her food from the
airport’s restaurant, entertains her with his treasures,
including a record player, and Julie tries to teach him to drive
a car which R has managed to get started. Throughout this three-
day period, their every move is filmed by roving cameras who are
documenting their success for a promotional TV programme to be
shown at a press conference after the three days are up. Throwing
their caps in the air, the graduates form a giant "wildcat"
before breaking out into song and dance ("High School Musical").
Thrown into the mix is Annie (Sarandon), a "baseball groupie" and
lifelong spiritual seeker who has latched onto the "Church of
Baseball" and has, every year, chosen one player on the Bulls to
be her lover and student. Thus begins his comically ill-fated
relationship with the Girl. Thus encouraged, the Hot Chili
Steppers take the stage, performing a series of freestyle
jumprope tricks in conjunction with a dance number, for which
they earn tumultuous applause. Thus leading her to question her
life, including whether her 'perfect man' is actually what she
truly desires after all. Thus trapped, Carol agrees to the
marriage. Thus, Andy avoids all embarrassment when the article
about him and Daphne is published. Thus, Billy breaks up with
Katie, who then leaves to stay with her close friend Haley. Thus,
Brendan starts dating; Leo's colleague and Angie get together;
Jeremy and Darren make up; and Leo sleeps with Sally. Thus, Frank
and his assistant can listen to all conversations, though Frank
does not let his assistant listen to the adult parts. Thus, Marge
has plenty of reason to try to sabotage their relationship. Thus,
her clumsiness will unleash several disasters, as freezing all
her school classmates wanting to stop time in a happy moment,
getting caught on the wall with half body inside and half body
outside when she tries to teleport from one room to another, or
leave the school principal deaf for a few minutes when she sings
a song with her super squeaky voice. Thus, his strong desire is
to prove himself to his father and older brother. Thus, the judge
is obliged to juggle his committee duties with his efforts to
keep his children from making fools of themselves. Thus, when
Rawlins arrives, the owner's assistant George (Willie Best)
thinks he is a ghost. Tiana and Naveen are wed by Mama Odie; and
because of Tiana's new status as princess, they are restored back
to human form after their kiss. Tiana and Naveen then reveal
their love to each other and explain the situation to Charlotte,
who agrees to kiss Naveen, as Lawrence is taken away by the
police. Tiana then meets Naveen, who, believing her to be a
princess because of her costume, asks her to kiss him and break
Facilier's spell. Tiara then betrays Sharpay and tells her how
she is going to take over next year in the drama department.
Tibby (Amber Tamblyn) goes through a pregnancy scare and
alienates Carmen. Tibby drives to Vermont, hoping for Carmen's
support. Tibby has been working at a video store in New York
while retaking a NYU screenwriting class that requires her to
finish her script. Tibby, the wife of Samuel Sweetland (Jameson
Thomas) dies, and shortly afterwards his daughter marries and
leaves home, leaving him on his own with his two servants. Tied
to a stove, Beth has become a full-fledged, bloodthirsty zombie,
having eaten Maury and bitten off Geenie's hand. Tierney assumes
he's going to write more lies, so she announces to the press that
the two of them are married. Tiffany despairs when she finds that
Nikki actually is in the audience, invited by Ronnie and Veronica
who want Nikki to lift her restraining order on Pat and give Pat
the chance to reconcile with her. Tiffany sees this and runs off.
Tiffany sends Jesse a message asking him to transport the two
dolls to Hackensack, New Jersey, in exchange for money. Tiffany
shows up at their house and points out that the way she is
"reading the signs," Philadelphia teams do better when she and
Pat are together. Tiffany tries to get closer to Pat and even
offers to deliver a letter to Nikki—if, in return, he will
practice dancing with her (which she does as a therapy) and to
partner with her in an upcoming dance competition. Tiffany walks
to the bar and starts drinking. Tiffany, Pat, and their friends
and family arrive at the competition on the night of the football
game. Tillie abstains from sex while Pete turns to drink and
takes an apartment. Tillie died from her illness before she could
make her journey, and left two orphaned twin children, Joyce and
Johnny Jr. Tillie ends up in a sanitarium. Tillie's depression is
alleviated a bit by a friendship with Jimmy (Rene Auberjonois),
who is gay but willing to marry her if that would make Tillie
happy. Tim Austin sets up Ivy with Jack Parks, a trucking company
executive, to wine and dine Ivy. Tim Burke, a movie stuntman, is
approached by a fellow named Denno Noonan with a peculiar offer.
Tim Hogan (Eddie Gribbon), a fellow milk deliveryman and friend,
drives Bill to Sheila's home to try to speak to her, but the
police are called and Bill is arrested. Tim Kelly (James Ellison)
is a Texan in the oil business who travels to Argentina to bid
for some land. Tim falls in love with Lolita O'Shea (Maureen
O'Hara), the daughter of the racehorse's owner, Don Enrique
(Robert Barrat). Tim gets hold of this and asks Melody why she is
encouraging him, to which Melody replies Griff is a freak like
her and they love living like that. Tim is then shown walking
away with his new girlfriend. Tim persuades a reluctant Parks to
date Ivy, and applies pressure by threatening to reveal his
illegal gambling casino, which operates at night in the back of a
large long-distance truck. Time and time again one almost catches
the other's eye, but circumstances intervene. Time goes on, and
the final dramatic twist involves a death. Time is running out,
as Prince Alexis, (William Orlamond), invades, from the
neighbouring country, to seize the castle and marry the Princess.
Time is running out, so Pitka skips through the rest of the
acronym. Time passes and Sam becomes worse. Time passes and it is
revealed that Lyla has had a daughter named Jane, as Don attaches
a plaque with her name to their family tree. Time passes, and
Harry suggests he write a new book about his experiences with
Ruby. Time passes, but Teglash still mourns the loss of Angelina.
Timid Bertram Muffet (Richard O'Callaghan) winds up with model
Sally Martin (Jacki Piper) after the agency muddles his
directions to a blind date. Timmy is torn between his love for
Tootie and his desire to keep his fairy godparents. Timmy
successfully frees everyone, but is forced to give up his fairy
godparents, who vanish the moment he kisses Tootie. Timmy tells
them what he did. Timmy then invites Steve to have Christmas
dinner with them. Timmy's refusal to mature greatly irritates his
parents (who desperately encourage him to move out) and Jorgen
von Strangle (Mark Gibbon), who is constantly scheming to entice
Timmy into giving up his fairies. Timothy (Tanner Cohen) is an
openly gay student at a private boys' school. Timothy is cast as
Puck in the senior production of A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Timothy lives with his mother, Donna (Judy McLane), who is
struggling with her son's sexuality and with getting a job, and
his father who is not a part of his life. Timothy uses the flower
to have the homophobic town take a "walk in his shoes". Tina is
very demanding and controlling and warns Whittier that Derek is
not the type of boy she should be dating. Tina, who manages the
rink where Casey trains, has Gen on a strict training program.
Tipper and Hater ring Mason's doorbell, and when he answers,
Tipper slugs him in his testicles. Tipper and Hater subsequently
enact a plan of revenge on Mason, devised by Tipper earlier in
the film. Tipper tells Jack that she quit her job and that nobody
knows where she is. Tira (Mae West) shimmies and sings in the
sideshow of Big Bill Barton's Wonder Show, while her current
boyfriend, pickpocket "Slick" (Ralf Harolde), relieves her
distracted audience of their valuables for Big Bill (Edward
Arnold). Tira and Jack’s romance leads to a wedding engagement.
Tira sues Jack for breach of promise. Tira tells Big Bill she is
quitting to get married. Tired and anxious to get to his hotel,
Harvey brusquely dismisses her when she approaches him with the
survey. Tired of being disrespected by the skate rental
distributor (Nick Cannon) and other skaters at Sweetwater, the
group enters a roller disco contest. Tired of losing gigs to the
Perennials, Artie Shaw, playing himself, comes to woo Ellen away
to be his booking manager. Tired of politics, unhappy with his
life in general, and planning to commit suicide, Bulworth
negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter
as the beneficiary in exchange for a favorable vote from the
insurance industry. Tired of supporting his freeloading nephew,
Max's uncle arranges an introduction between Max and an old
friend who has a farm and two unmarried daughters. Tired of the
road, she goes to visit her son, played by her real-life son
Peter Lind Hayes, as Peter Kendricks, with her personal
assistant, played by her real-life daughter-in-law, Mary Healy,
as Mary Healy, in cognito. Tish and Tadd are in bed together,
when Brad shows up and attempts to turn the coupling into a
threesome. Tish asserts that he and Brad are gay, but will not
admit it to themselves so they use the pretense of a threesome to
have sex with each other. Tish becomes very upset and Tadd speaks
of her contemptuously. Titania tells Oberon that she plans to
stay there until she has attended Theseus and Hippolyta's
wedding. Titania, having received the love-potion, is awakened by
Bottom's singing and immediately falls in love with him. Title
cards over this closing scene explain that Martha and Walter
eventually turned north and returned to the USA and are now
living under assumed names, Inga and Bob got married and opened a
pet store in Albuquerque, and Whitman continues his search for
love. To Ben's dismay, one of Frank's rules is no pre-marital
sex. To Cornelia's surprise, the pearls do not turn up when
Godfrey's suite is searched. To Don's amusement, Kathy pops out
of a mock cake right in front of him, revealing herself to be a
chorus girl. To Ellen's relief, Danny finally acts
professionally, arranging his number for the show, which Shaw
says "has really grown up into something special". To Gabe's
elation, they begin spending time together and he is completely
enamored with not only her, but her life. To Geoffrey's
astonishment, the confused Ernest says that while he finds Anne
pleasant and amusing, he does not love her and there has never
been any question of the two eloping. To Gidget's surprise, her
father is in bed and appears to be asleep. To Gray's surprise,
Charlie and Sam become engaged the morning after their meeting.
To Katrina's puzzlement, the Count is not offended in the least
and remains quite friendly with Johann. To Lawrence's dismay,
however, the book is largely re-worked and edited by the
publisher and only vaguely resembles his original work. To
Lizzie's surprise, Kate agrees to help her and the two become
friends again. To Lucky's surprise, a patron later buys Genius's
work. To Maria's surprise and joy, he permits the marriage, and
Eddie is stunned to learn that his poor European refugee is
actually royalty. To Rose's chagrin, Loretta declares that she
loves Ronny. To Scott's surprise, his father is enormously proud
of what he has accomplished. To Stanley's relief, the baby is
delighted to see him, and from that moment on, the two are
devoted to each other. To accommodate the new baby, Vada moves
out of her bedroom and into Gramoo's old room, which has been
renovated, and it brings further problems with adjustment. To
achieve the latter, he also needed to silence Alice, unaware that
she had fled to avoid testifying. To add insult to injury, the
note says that Asher is breaking up with her. To add to her woes
she then breaks up with her girlfriend, Danni. To add to his
troubles, Molly's macho ex-boyfriend Cam shows up and messes with
Kirk by deliberately alluding to Molly having some sort of
"defect". To add to his woes, most of the officers and crew, led
by the Chief Purser, are actively on the fiddle. To add to the
confusion, Wattles (dressed as a woman) shows up with Joe Bruno,
pretending to be his love interest. To appease mrs MacKaninee, he
accompanies her motorcycling, waterskiing, and surfing. To assist
in his planned sale of the property, Max hurriedly snaps some
photos and in the process falls into an empty swimming pool. To
avoid Jean he is sent out to do errands, posting the mail is one
of them and when he runs out of stamps he delivers one letter by
himself, another anonymous faux love letter from Émilie to Maddy.
To avoid a bigger scandal, the remaining five couples are
informed that they are not really married. To avoid an early
eviction, Jack challenges Pellet to a race at the upcoming Citrus
Cove Regatta: If Pellet wins, Jack will pay him the $1,000 rent
and take his family home; if Jack wins, he keeps the money and
earns the right to stay in the house for two more weeks rent-
free. To avoid an investigation around the fake masterpieces, she
does not call the police, but instead cleans Simon's flesh wound
and drives him to his hotel. To avoid an uncomfortable situation,
instead of making his initial request, Fitzgibbon asks the bishop
to put O’Malley in charge, and then, resigned to his fate of
losing control over the church, he informs O’Malley of his new
role. To avoid arrest, Cheveley must trade the incriminating
letter for her release from the bejewelled handcuff. To avoid
charges of sex discrimination, he assigns her the seemingly
impossible task of unloading shares of an obscure company called
Universal Widgets; when she fails, he will have an excuse to
dismiss her. To avoid consummating the marriage, he takes Susan
out dancing till she collapses with fatigue, and brings her back
to Hollywood. To avoid embarrassing his son, he stages Kyle’s
death as a suicide. To avoid getting too close to her new
friends, Lina disappears with another young man, Jan Tolin (Hans
van Tongeren), she met at the beach. To avoid his adoring new
bride as much as possible, Guy has Jerry sign him onto the next
available film, which turns out to be 'Blood Mine' — a
disastrously arch pro-union film about the corrupt goings on at a
coal mine (with lines like 'how can they call this a MINE when
everything is THEIRS. To avoid prosecution, the presiding Judge
agreed that the total income Akpors has earned will be sufficient
as compensation for his legal and visa violation if the money is
donated to charity under supervision. To avoid raising Ellen's
suspicions, Dick mentions that he cannot purchase some land
offered because $60,000 is too high a price, but that he would
for $55,000. To avoid suspicion, Regina inserts a fake libel of
herself in the book in order to blame Cady, Gretchen, and Karen,
the only female students not mentioned in the book. To avoid the
routine that had become their weekly "date night", Phil decides
that he will take Claire to a trendy Manhattan restaurant, but
they cannot get a table. To be near her, he purchases an old film
camera, emptying his bank account, and attempts to get a job as
one of MGM's filmers. To be on the safe side, Lucinda has
everything change back by midnight. To both men's utter
astonishment, she accepts Anderson's proposal. To break up this
relationship, on the night before the final divorce decree, Lucy
crashes a party at the Vance mansion, pretending to be Jerry's
sister. To bring forth their intentions behind the killings, the
five of them attempt to reach the public through a radio station.
To buy some time, Will comes out first onstage, but at first he
is embarrassingly silent. To buy time, he hires African American
train porter Sam (who has been studying law by correspondence) to
draw out the property settlement negotiations. To calm his fears,
Ellen enlists a meek shoe salesman (Wally Cox) to impersonate her
island companion. To catch the new Cat, Robie stakes out an
estate at night. To cheer him up, George takes him to Alicia's
party. To clear his way, Scott buys the oil company Bill works
for and sends him to Japan. To clear the air, she returns to Lake
Como on her own to spend a month's summer holiday. To complicate
her life even further, both Archer and local Casanova and
handyman Danny O'Brien (Barry Nelson) are strongly attracted to
Martha. To complicate matters even further, that night Raymond
seduces a willing Crystal. To complicate matters more Kid's
cousins hijack his bachelor party in retaliation for not letting
them perform at it (moving it from the rented hotel ballroom to
their Aunt Lucy's house) The party at the ballroom is a bust as
Play's cousin Stinky invites very obese women to the party (he's
attracted to heavyset women). To complicate matters two
immigration officers arrive to the wedding reception to
investigate Wilson and Maura. To complicate things further, Jacob
and Melanie call off their engagement due to stress from their
parents' involvement. To conceal their budding romance they
pretend to hate each other. To cope with her feelings, Lara Jean
writes a long post script to a letter she wrote when she was
fourteen, after Josh asked Margot out instead of her. To
counteract this, Carrie tapes John bragging to his friends in the
locker room, saying he'll be scoring "more than baskets" at the
away game, and shows the tape to Kate in order to get her to snap
out of it. To cover for Santa's prolonged absence, Curtis helps
Santa create a life-size toy replica of Santa, much to Bernard's
horror. To discourage Nelson's obvious physical interest in her,
Louise tell him that she's married, whereupon Nelson offers buy
her out of her marriage by paying her husband for his loss. To
distract herself, Celeste takes up exercising and dates other
people. To end their anniversary, Dick and Marge share drinks on
the roof, watching the stars. To ensnare Kabir, Epifania feigns
injury, but the dedicated doctor remains impervious to her charms
and indifferent to her wealth. To ensure he is not usurped by
Kenny, his second-in-command in London, through whom Max
continues to direct trades, Max intentionally gives the ambitious
young trader bad advice, getting Kenny fired. To ensure their
wins at the racetrack, the uncle's scientist colleagues try to
come up with a fool proof formula to foresee which horses will
win the races. To escape from his fans after the premiere, Don
jumps into a passing car driven by Kathy Selden (Debbie
Reynolds). To escape, he climbs up the façade of a building. To
escape, he turns to another witch, Bianca De Pass (Hermione
Gingold), who breaks the spell. To evade the police, the thugs
duck into a theater, where Duke and Chester are performing
vaudeville. To everyone's astonishment, the famous Vittorio is
accompanied by the unknown Charity. To explain her absence, Maria
tells her uncle that she slept at the airport. To explain the
broken nose and cover up the infidelity to his fiancée, Jack runs
Miles' convertible into a tree, giving the appearance they had
been in an accident. To finance a new play, Michael McCreigh
needs $15,000. To finance their escape, they rob the local bingo
tournament, and although their haul was small, the three decide
to go to the big city anyway. To find rest, he must get a
descendant of the enemy Clan MacClaggan to admit that one Glourie
is worth fifty MacClaggans. To further complicate matters,
Tommy's uncle, David Tuttle is attempting to broker the deal for
the purchase of the land. To further complicate things, Mike
Downey is assigned to monitor all of Angela's movements as part
of an undercover surveillance operation, but cannot resist
becoming romantically involved with Angela himself. To further
his matchmaking, he even strips down to his boxer shorts and a
T-shirt so he can pretend to be a competitor and talk to Davis
during his event, race walking, and try to heal the breach
between the young lovers. To get away, Susan takes her daughter
to the family's cabin, but Mark also invites Alec there. To get
back at him, Mimi buys the show from the producer and embarrasses
Gary by hiring a paid audience to walk out on the show. To get
even, Roy decides to try to qualify for theS. To get even, she
separately invites each of the men to meet her for breakfast and
when all three arrive, bearing floral arrangements of varying
size, a brawl ensues. To get more information of the whereabouts
of Johnny, she asks aid from the American Red Cross. To get rid
of him, she feigns being called in by the hospital and does not
return any of his subsequent calls. To get rid of them, she gives
them the $10,000. To get the microchip out of Cody, Derek cuts
one of Cody's gadgets, exploding Mentos mints, into a precisely
minuscule amount to safely remove it. To get them back together,
Jackson writes a love poem in Robert's handwriting and sends it
to Celine. To grow closer to her, he poses as her patient,
telling her that he is irresistible to women and that he is too
afraid to turn down a woman, because it led to suicide in the
past. To help further his suit with Gerry, Hackensacker agrees to
invest in Tom's scheme to build an airport suspended over a city
by wires. To help her, Rob enrolls as a student and becomes an
instant hit. To help herself with that, she makes sure that
Richard’s secretary gets dismissed and that the naive Katie takes
her place. To help him remember, Irène writes her name on his
chest with a marker pen. To help locate Dallas they take along
one of the baby elephants, to track her by scent. To help the
employees cope with the extra work that will result, the network
head has ordered two computers, or "electronic brains". To her
confusion, he's distant and cold, and can't even fill Jenna on
much of her missing past, because she became head of the "Six
Chicks," and never spoke to Matt again. To her surprise, she
discovers that her mother is in the audience. To her surprise,
the general has no plans to continue this romance. To his
astonishment, the bewildered Lord Rockburn informs him that he
has never seen Leslie before in his life. To his dismay, however,
he finds that he has fallen for her as well. To his horror it has
been viewed almost 10 million times. To his shock, memory pauses,
and Perry scolds him, telling him to let Perry have this memory.
To his son's surprise,B. To his surprise, R experiences some more
of Perry’s memories, during which R has another conversation with
“Perry”. To his surprise, he reels in Lenore, a beautiful mermaid
played by Ann Blyth. To his surprise, she refuses to give him
one. To his surprise, the reaction caused by the machine opens a
bridge to the past, leading him to the year 1991. To honor her
old friend and make her husband honour his obligations Amy
decides to make the journey that Tillie had planned and complete
task of finding her husband, Johnny. To impress Oliver on their
upcoming second date, Shelley starts attending classes and
reading books, and tones down her appearance. To ingratiate
himself with Joan, he tells her about this, but she declares that
she loves Jim after all and begs Rossini to spare his life. To
irritate Jack, a ladies' man who is making aggressive advances
toward her and pestering her for a dance, she instead decides to
dance with "the most deplorable looking tramp in the dance hall",
the Prospector, who instantly falls in love with her. To keep
Herk on the team, Frankie and Tad tutor him and prep him for
school to the point where they themselves start failing. To keep
Larry from disrupting the arrangement, Pacheco has his butler
Luigi (Boris Karloff) arrange Diane's kidnapping (to Lattimer's
country estate). To keep their society secret, witches avoid
showing their powers in front of mortals other than Darrin. To
keep themselves in the style to which they have become
accustomed, Steven becomes a con man. To maintain appearances,
Don goes along. To maintain the lies, Danny and Katherine are
forced to bring him along. To make certain that her new beau will
be acceptable to her parents, Alice contrives to have Michael
enter a mayoral campaign. To make her feel better, Peyton takes
her to the stage of a Broadway theatre, which inspires her to
make the best of the situation. To make it easier, Harris changes
it to a "loan", then promptly bets the entire amount on a sure
thing in a fixed race, making sure to place the bet at the bookie
joint run by his competitor (the one who had him beaten up). To
make it more clear that he should go back, Nick tells Ed if he
went back the couple would end up having great make-up sex. To
make matters worse for Dylan, Hannah and Lola also bail on her
because they both had dates to the formal and Asher broke up with
her for Nicole. To make matters worse, Jason's suspicions prove
correct when Sherman discovers that, due to the extraction, his
brain cells are beginning to deteriorate. To make matters worse,
Whitman's ex-girlfriend, Inga (Joan Cusack) (who is nearly as
crazy and sociopathic as Whitman), and her accomplice, Bob (Brad
William Henke), begin harassing Martha who decides to break up
with Whitman. To make the audience hate Celeste's character,
Montana and David come up with a last-minute plot change in which
she will accidentally kill a young, destitute deaf-mute, played
by the newly-cast Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue). To make things
worse, Scott admits that he has a crush on Amy, and that he only
likes Elizabeth as a friend. To make things worse, his father has
decided that he is wasting his life and has given him an
ultimatum &mdash; find a girl in two months or settle down with a
wife his parents choose. To make up for the loss of the piano,
Max sneaks them into a piano factory during the night, where they
finalize the song. To obtain an artist's studio in the fully
booked resort town where Porter is staying, Sherman persuades
real sculptor Alexander Raoul (Leon Belasco) that Blair has
offered him a commission to decorate his building. To others he
appears self-absorbed and misogynistic. To pay off his debts, he
attempts to marry rich and starts to seduce Alison, as he thinks
she is a wealthy heiress. To perform magic, Samantha often
twitches her nose to create a spell. To placate his friend,
Anderson agrees, looks around, and asks attractive waitress Katie
(Isla Fisher) to marry him. To preempt a furious mrs Robinson,
who threatens to tell Elaine her version of their affair,
Benjamin tells Elaine that the married woman was her mother. To
prepare, Clarence is shown flashbacks of George's life. To
promote the film, Lee decides to focus on the two stars: Gwen and
Eddie, once known as "America's Sweethearts". To protect Ralph,
Miranda severs the relationship. To protect her reputation, as
well as the reputation of her unborn child, Carla has raised the
girl to believe her mother is the widow of an army air force
captain named Eddie Campbell, a name she borrowed from a can of
soup (she is very fond of Campbell's soups). To protect his job,
he lets Dreyfuss believe that he and Fran are lovers who had
fought, which he took so lightly that he was meeting another
woman while she was attempting suicide. To protect his own
scheme, the owner refuses to press charges against Vic. To prove
his suspicions, he has Jennifer put under surveillance by
everyone at the lab. To prove how good he is at being a best man,
Jimmy takes Doug to a wedding where the best man makes a terrible
speech. To prove otherwise, Terri opens her shirt and reveals her
breasts to Rick. To prove that he has no interest in her fortune,
he signs the Massey prenup, but she tears it up. To raise money,
Tulsa places a bet with his friend Dynamite (Edson Stroll) that
he can spend the night with a club dancer named Lili (Juliet
Prowse), who is rumored to be hard to get since she turned down
one otherI. To raise the money, Dick lets Ellen take charge of
the housing development, having Kilcoyne embezzle enough funds
from down payments on the new homes. To register at the Colonial
Auto Court, however, she has to produce her "husband". To save
Carter, Helene, who was with Agatha in the bedroom, exits, and
swears that she is the only woman in the apartment. To save
Princess Myra, Paige and Eddie must find the elephant and free
Alu before convincing the king of Sangyoon that true love reigns
supreme over all. To save her reputation, the Major proposes to
Ann and she accepts. To save her the heartbreak of reliving the
accident every day, Marlin and Doug, Lucy's lisping steroid-
addicted brother, re-enact Marlin's birthday by following a
script, including putting out October 13's Sunday newspaper,
rewatching the same Minnesota Vikings game, and refilling Lucy's
shampoo bottles. To save on resources, crew members are put into
"hypersleep" for eight months while the ship heads towards Mars.
To save the kingdom in which they live, they decide to embark on
a journey to find Feiurinha. To save time, Dudley also
redecorates the Broughams' Christmas tree in a few seconds, saves
an old church by restoring interest in the boys' choir, and
dictates to a typewriter to magically produce Henry's new sermon
— without Henry's knowledge. To see how far Joan is prepared to
go, Tom moves in with his pal Harvey and goes along with it. To
show Helen that he is not in it for the money anymore, Tony
donates it to the government free of charge. To show his
gratitude, Harris gives a stunned Johnny $1000, but Johnny
refuses to accept it. To show respect,J. To solve the problem,
the two sponsors join forces, merging their companies to form
Ippsie-Kelsey Clothies, and have the young couple perform
together. To solve this issue, he enters information about Polly
and Lisa into a computer insurance program which measures risk.
To spare Fitzgibbon’s feelings, the older pastor is kept unaware
of this arrangement and believes that O’Malley is simply his
assistant. To spite his wife, Jeff also enters Albert in the big
Virginia Cup steeplechase race that Sally's always longed to win.
To stop Adrian and Cassius, Satan sends Nicky to Earth with a
silver flask that traps whoever drinks from it inside. To stop
this, Rip manages to publish parts of the council speech a few
weeks earlier, where it said that they would expand the town
"with their own hands". To support them, Dockweiler becomes
partners with a jewelry store owner, Al Oberdorf (Alfred James),
who is on the verge of bankruptcy. To survive, he is reading the
obituaries and trying to convince the widows that the deceased
purchased a painting shortly before dying. To teach her a lesson,
he shows up at her family mansion and announces to her father
(Raymond Walburn), younger sister (Bonita Granville), and butler
(Halliwell Hobbes) that he is Tony. To teach his in-laws a
lesson, Will announces that he is going to become one of them by
giving away his fortune to charity. To that end, Mme. To the
consternation of her aunt, who prefers Jackson's prospects, Paula
begins to fall for Michael. To the disapproval of his friends, he
is dating Knives Chau, a high-school student. To the dismay of
Rosie and David (David Mitchell), her British co-writer, her
boss, Marty (Fred Willard) decides that the show may no longer
cover controversial subjects, so Rosie decides to cast a new
character for the show. To the party comes many distinguished
guests, and among them are the newly arrived Russian gentleman
Zolotov. To their disappointment, Robert appears willing to let
Celine go in exchange for the money before O'Reilly stops his
getaway. To their dismay, Lizzie and Kate are assigned to the
same hotel room. To their dismay, as winter approaches, the
furnishings continue to be sold off as they have no luck. To
their surprise, they learn that the key person who was
responsible for organizing the deal was Karan's father, Rajnath
Singhania (Anupam Kher). To top it off, Billy spots a sailor who
looks just like a younger version of himself, down to his nose.
To trace BK they uses his ringtone clueto find his real name
Diego Vaz from Goa. To try to show off he begins to tell her
about his selection for the seat and how he expects to win. To
which Ed, calls him a "back-stabbing weasel", though Jeffrey
believes he's still done nothing wrong because he slept with Amy
before they dated. To which, Nick helps urge him more to return
to the church, so they end up getting married, with Nick as 'new'
best man. To win her love, he joins the boys' football team to
participate in the Norway Cup, a large tournament held in Oslo.
Toad, who is normally socially inept with girls, successfully
picks up a flirtatious, and somewhat rebellious, girl named
Debbie. Tod's dad asks a favor, that Tod spend a few weeks
squiring Gertrude Morgan, the man's daughter. Todd Howard (Jason
Bateman), the cousin of Scott Howard, has recently been accepted
into Hamilton University on a full athletic scholarship on the
recommendation of Coach Bobby Finstock (Paul Sand), who was
Scott's basketball coach at Beacontown High. Todd also reconnects
with his girlfriend, Nicki (Estee Chandler), who helps him regain
his focus of being humble. Todd seeks out advice from his uncle,
Scott's father, Harold Howard (James Hampton), who helps Todd
comes to terms with his responsibilities and prepares him for the
championship. Todd stars as Amelia Frisby, the owner of a beauty
supply business. Todd tells her that he's disappointed in her,
and she retorts that he was never around when their mother needed
help. Todd then decides that he will fight his championship match
against Steve "Gus" Gustavson (Robert Neary), who Todd had prior
issues with, as himself rather than the wolf much to the dismay
of all except his uncle, girlfriend and Professor Tanya Brooks
(Kim Darby) who unbeknownst to Todd is also a werewolf. Todd then
tells her that he does not believe the rumors because he
remembers when she lied for him when he was not ready for his
first kiss years ago. Together they explore New York City and go
shopping to give her apartment the diva-pink style Sharpay is
famous for. Together they face mobsters, a jealous boxer (Aldo
Ray), and a growing mutual attraction. Together they follow
Bobby's instructions as best they can, collecting items that
represent Bobby's past, despite the many changes to the town in
the years since Bobby left. Together they recruit a motley crew
for their film, and Dáithí enlists Kate to star. Together they
waste most of their afterlives in bars, until Zia learns from a
friend, Brian, that his ex-girlfriend, Desiree, has also
committed suicide. Together they write on the back of paintings
in the room (a reference to an earlier encounter with a painting
with erotic writing on the back of it). Together with Gulpje she
sturs the group around because they both like to joke around at
the expense of others. Together with Trevor Graydon, they try to
piece the puzzle together. Together with him, she devises a ruse
to outsmart Debra. Together, the bad guys win and in the end,
Duda is invited by Noah to join a group of special people who
will populate a new world. Together, their work has enabled
Wellman College to receive a $150 million award from a
pharmaceutical firm to the excitement of Dean Richmond. Together,
these women attend charity benefits, have lunch, lean on each
other, and wade their way through life. Together, they explore
strip clubs, sensual massage parlors, cross-dressing, oral sex
techniques, and sadomasochism. Together, they find the gold, only
for it to be stolen by Dawg, forcing them to jump off a cliff
into the tide. Together, they paddle to a neighboring st Jack
Wood Island to seek out the help of Cousin Ben, an older relative
of one of the Scouts. Together, they pick through potential
husbands. Together, they revisit scenes from his past, focusing
on his relationship with Jenny. Told that her family will be
returning to America soon, Lauren hatches a plan to travel to
Venice with Daniel. Tom Ferris (Tony Curtis) and Col. Tom Logan
(Robert Redford) is an Assistant District Attorney in the New
York City District Attorney's Office, who is on his way to
becoming the new District Attorney. Tom Solomon (Jason Segel), a
sous chef at a fancy restaurant, and Violet Barnes (Emily Blunt),
a psychology PhD graduate, are a happy couple in San Francisco
who get engaged a year after they began dating. Tom Stansfield
(Ashton Kutcher) is a researcher at a publishing company who
works under the tyrannical Jack Taylor (Terence Stamp). Tom
Thompson (David Schwimmer) is a 25-year-old man who sleeps in a
bunk bed and lives with his mother. Tom accepts, and Drew's
lawyer draws up a contract that requires the Valcos to pose as
his family. Tom agrees to move with her and delay their wedding
until then. Tom and Eli are set up on a blind date by their best
friends, Jackie (Sasha Alexander) and Brett (Adam Goldberg), who
think they would be a perfect match. Tom and Gerry Jeffers (Joel
McCrea and Claudette Colbert) are a married couple in New York
City who are down on their luck financially, which is pushing the
marriage to an end. Tom and Gloria fall in love. Tom and Rebecca
each face extramarital temptations. Tom and Rebecca's best
friends are her brother Tobey, a sportswriter, and his girlfriend
Elaine. Tom and Ruth continue to see each other as Tom reveals
more about his own affections for Julie in the guise of Bill's
affections and Tom's attempts to forget about Julie in Ruth's
arms. Tom and Spike then begin a back and forth chase with
Toodles Galore watching on. Tom and Violet's nuptials get delayed
even further when Winton receives NIH funding with Violet's help,
enabling him to extend her program. Tom asks Drew to leave
because he was planning on divorcing his wife Christine. Tom asks
Julie out for coffee still holding up Bill's coffin. Tom assists
Anne to reconcile her estranged parents and also asks his agent
to locate Anne's supposed fiancé in Chicago – only to discover
that he's married. Tom becomes visibly upset, and he invites
Alice to get drunk. Tom brings along his string instrument
(possibly a double bass or cello), then wakes up Spike and
neutralizes him by whacking him in the head with a mallet and
tying him up. Tom brings the other Tom to Ruth, who appreciates
the gesture to reminisce about her son. Tom buys a Chevelle SS,
which he had when he was in high school, and Christine goes to a
photographer for some glamour shots. Tom cannot go through with
watching Hannah and Colin get married so he decides to go home.
Tom cleans himself up and they make arrangements together. Tom
does as Brad tells him and proceeds to continue dating Julie. Tom
does not remember his friend, but out of sympathy attends the
funeral as a pallbearer. Tom ducks as Spike's teeth come at him,
which instead get lodged in a tree trunk. Tom finally persuades
Gerry to give their marriage another chance, and they confess
their masquerade to their disappointed suitors. Tom follows Gerry
to Palm Beach by air, also with the impromptu financial
assistance of the Wienie King. Tom follows Jerry through the open
window, but Jerry pulls the window stop out of the window. Tom
gets a new job and moves into Julie's apartment while she is on
her trip. Tom gets disillusioned about their relationship, which
reaches a climax when Winton comes to Tom and Violet's rehearsal
dinner to try to apologize. Tom goes to confess his feelings to
Lucy, who announces she is engaged to George. Tom happily agrees,
stating that he is pleased to see Matt is doing better. Tom has a
crush on his boss' daughter, Lisa Taylor (Tara Reid), who is
completely controlled by her overprotective father. Tom has fun
staying at the same hotel and pretending he is rich. Tom has had
a turbulent past with relationships and has had three divorces
before the age of 40. Tom hides from Spike's rampage until Jerry
walks around the corner; he chases Jerry to Spike's house, which
Jerry immediately hides in. Tom hides from her everything that
happened and she spends some time with him thinking he is
homosexual. Tom inherits Bill's car in Abernathy's will. Tom is
also in the competition with Colin but loses in the last round.
Tom is among the wedding attendees and the two reconcile and
marry, with Schatze still not knowing that he is rich. Tom is
brought back for a "madcap Manhattan weekend" where he falls
head-over-heels for Kitty Haynes (Karen Akers), a chanteuse at
the Copacabana. Tom is rejected at the end of his second
interview and goes to Ruth's to help pack Bill's belongings. Tom
is seen repairing his tap water plumbing, which he had purposely
cut in an attempt to prevent hungover women from hanging around
his apartment. Tom is the son of emotionally distant alcoholic
WASP parents who never quite accepted his sexual orientation and
as a result is a heavy drinker himself and has a penchant for
random hookups with different men. Tom is very interested in
Schatze, but she dismisses him, thinking he is poor. Tom is very
wealthy because of his creation of the "coffee collar" and gets a
dime every time it is used. Tom is with a different girl every
week, while Hannah focuses on her career in an art museum. Tom
launches a specialty taco truck. Tom meets Lucy (Alison Brie) at
his bar when she uses his Internet for free. Tom moves back to
San Francisco and becomes a sous-chef under Alex at the new
restaurant, while also starting a relationship with the hostess
Audrey (Dakota Johnson). Tom plays "Is You Is or Is You Ain't My
Baby"; the sound waves from the instrument shake Jerry's
mousehole, bouncing Jerry off the bed, then under the table, and
Jerry's head is hit by a vase that falls off the table when the
mouse comes out the other side. Tom pokes his head over the wall
and spots a female cat (Toodles Galore) in the window. Tom
rejects his apology and starts chasing Winton away, with Violet
trying to catch up, but Winton gets away after Tom insists that
he run or fight him. Tom repeatedly watches Julie working at a
record store while parked on the street. Tom responds to a
personal crisis that stems from his decision to choose kids over
career by watching pornography and having an affair with a
divorced mother from his son's school. Tom returns to the bar,
only to be accosted by Wendy again. Tom reveals he wanted to
dance with her at a homecoming dance and she kisses him. Tom
reveals the engagement ring he gave her initially, stating he was
planning on proposing to her at the airport. Tom says Lauren is
an albatross around his neck and Scott thinks so as well. Tom
sees the kiss from the balcony but not the slap. Tom soon makes
himself indispensable to Lois, and their long hours spent
together leads them to fall in love with each other. Tom stops
his speech abruptly when he sees the female cat and, realizing
his mistake, drops Spike onto the floor. Tom stops periodically
to kiss the cat. Tom takes Hannah out for a walk, hoping to tell
her how he feels. Tom then barely avoids getting his tail bitten
and hides behind a wall, holding a brick up ready to attack. Tom
then proposes the men drink a toast to their unconscious wives.
Tom then sneaks into the doghouse with a murderous Dracula laugh
while closing the door, indicating that something most foul is
going to occur. Tom then visits Agnes in her home, helps her pay
off mr Billy, and carries off her and the children to the concert
in his cab. Tom tries to force the toy's American plug into the
European outlet and he shuts down the entire village's
electricity. Tom tries to think of a clever way to get out of his
situation, and finds himself tricked into walking her to his
hotel room, where the girl rips off her top before Tom blurts out
that he's on his honeymoon, upon which the girl finally leaves.
Tom turns on the light just to see if he has got the right girl
and Hannah replies "You do". Tom uses his instrument as a pogo
stick to hop over to the window, stopping halfway to taunt Spike
along the way. Tom visits him to collect his money, and the two
decide to go watch the actor who played Doo-Dah perform in the
local production of A Christmas Carol. Tom witnesses this and
realizes he has feelings for Lucy. Tom's fear of becoming
emotionally close coupled with Eli's own insecurities makes it
difficult for them to maintain, but Jackie and Brett get engaged
which forces Tom and Eli together. Tom's fiancée, Ruth Holman
(Una Merkel), senses something is going on and isn't happy about
it. Tom's mother tells Grace that Tom's uncle &ndash; who is also
a wealthy cattleman &ndash; is in town alone, and tells her that
he is a man who needs to settle down and get married to a woman
who can bring some femininity to his bachelor's life. Tom's
roommate, Andy Doyle (Andy Devine), uses Tom's absences and
Ruth's distress to try to romance Ruth himself. Tom, a gardener
at Kingston Bagpuize House, falls in love with Anya, a Polish au
pair. Tom, as one of the pallbearers, drags the coffin and the
rest of the pallbearers after Julie. Tom, in turn, tells Ruth
about Bill's fictitious love interest based completely on Tom's
infatuation with Julie. Tommy Linklater is an eighteen-year-old
magician. Tommy Lundy (Victor Mature) is an arrogant ex-champion
boxer who tries for an acting career on Broadway. Tommy Mills
wants to marry his girlfriend, Marie Thurber, but cannot afford
it. Tommy Tanner (Wheeler) and Egbert Higginbotham (Woolsey) are
two vaudevillians who were kicked out of the last town they
performed in. Tommy Turner (Henry Fonda) is an English teacher at
football-crazed Midwestern University. Tommy and Egbert are
suspicious of Harry, and it is up to them to find Harry, clear
their name, and save Mother's store. Tommy and Egbert decide to
turn Mother's drugstore into a money-making venture, even
producing their own afternoon radio program right in the store.
Tommy attends Hatley High, whose main claim to fame is the
Knights, an internationally ranked chess team. Tommy falls in
love with Winnie, but he feels she is in love with her manager
Lucky. Tommy gives June his telephone number, but neither expects
anything to come of their momentary attraction to each other.
Tommy is moved to forgive her. Tommy is pressured to maintain the
masquerade as well by his roommate Al (Edward Brophy), an
insurance salesman who dreams of making contacts in New York high
society. Tommy loses and chides Hyacinthe for selling him out.
Tommy plans to persuade the board of directors to sell the their
Marchetta Cosmetics to their biggest competitor Fabiella
(Anjelica Huston) for over $60 million. Tommy plays along,
embellishing Godfrey's story with a nonexistent wife and five
children. Tommy refuses. Tommy's mother and Herman's wife,
Melanie, has died and left them a house they did not know she
owned. Tommy, though reluctant, wins easily. Tomás decides to
take Agent Carmen's advice and spend some time alone. Tomás is
reunited with all three of his girlfriends. Toni dives into the
water, too. Toni reads the letter and realizing it's poorly
written and unromantic (since Michael had copied words from
greeting cards), she rewrites it. Toninho curses Yemanja, and the
fishermen stop catching any fish. Toninho, sent by Monica, shows
up and suggests they cook something together. Tony Randall in a
supporting role portrays Clement's conflicted public relations
employee. Tony also feels intimidated by the youth, beauty, and
classical background of his female co-star, noted ballerina
Gabrielle "Gaby" Gerard. Tony and the bodyguard are carried out
of the stadium on stretchers and then attempt to fight one
another. Tony becomes concerned when government buyer Finchley
enters the bidding. Tony confronts Claire and Gigi (J. Tony
convinces her to join him on a friend's yacht, but Terry reminds
her of his responsibility and keeps her from going. Tony decides
to lie to the family and tells them he's engaged to Jess as long
as she gets to go to any college she wants. Tony gets Gigi to
paint a copy. Tony gives Lucky 24 hours to settle the debt. Tony
gives the gallery to Helen and Stewart and returns to what he
knows. Tony is delighted, at first. Tony is disgusted and starts
to leave, but then sees her for the first time in her nightgown
and stays. Tony proposes to Consuelo, but she realizes she's in
love with Terry, who is arrested for grand larceny when he
arrives at the airport with Chappie. Tony refuses to believe she
loves someone else and, when he recognizes Terry from the casino,
his suspicions are aroused, despite Terry's outward displays of
affection for Consuelo. Tony signs up, despite misgivings after
the pretentious director, Jeffrey Cordova, changes the light
comedy into a dark reinterpretation of the Faust legend, with
himself as the Devil and Tony as the Faust character. Tony soon
meets a girl named June Delaney on a bus who doesn't swoon over
him like other girls. Tony takes charge of the production, taking
the show on tour to perfect the new lighthearted musical numbers.
Tony teaches Snug the commands "scudda hoo" and "scudda hay,"
which mean "gee" and "haw," country slang for "left" and "right".
Tony then drags a delighted Jo away. Tony's ex-wife complicates
matters. Tonya has brought condoms and tries to have sex with
him. Too late he realizes that his not playing is tantamount to
ensuring his team will lose, and that he has given the gamblers
exactly what they want. Too observant to even shake hands with
him, she nonetheless allows Fioravante to massage her back and
that touch, the first ever of that kind in her life, brings her
to tears. Too proud to accept financial help from his longtime
friend Betsy Booth (Judy Garland), he at least lets her drive him
to the city. Top and Red went to Samantha's house to give back
the teddy bear but Top was surprised when he saw Lee, Samantha's
cousin. Top and his gang arrives at Piggy's hideout and start
fighting where they overpower Piggy's gang. Top apologizes to
Samantha for humiliating her at his school then Top confesses his
true feelings for Samantha and they become officially lovers. Top
asks Lee why he lied to him in believe that Sammy/Samantha was in
Japan and Lee admits to him that Samantha was bound to a fixed
marriage and he can never have Samantha. Top calls again but this
time the teacher coincidentally answers the call but also ends up
cursing each other. Top confronts Samantha if she gave Piggy the
information that Audrey was his girlfriend in which she denies.
Top goes to the party with blonde hair hears that Samantha and
Red are getting married. Top picks up Samantha from school and
brings her to his house for dinner with his family, but the
dinner ends up with Top and his father arguing about the death of
Top's mother. Top reporter Larry Hall (Steve Forrest) is sent to
Cape Anne for the story. Top was badly hurt after the fight and
Samantha was so worried about his condition. Top went to the guy
who stole Samantha's teddy bear to bring it back to her and beats
the guy. Top with his gang, arrives at st Celestine to abduct
Samantha where Jared "Red" Dela Cruz brings her to a night club.
Torchy, the former football star, makes a perfect pass with the
bottle of champagne, and Margie christens the ship. Torkel is on
to Stroker, though, and allows his antics because he sees the
racer as his big ticket to regional fame by promoting the Chicken
Pit franchise. Torkel then finds that the lucrative offer for his
chicken franchise is a fake, cooked up by Stroker and his
friends. Torkel, realizing that Stroker would rather lose than be
bound by the contract, makes a public announcement that he is
releasing Stroker immediately. Torn between her Harvard dream and
her growing love of skating, Casey has difficulty juggling
schoolwork, skating, and a part-time job. Torn between loyalty to
Daniel and love for Martha, Laurence seeks advice from Pederson,
a neighbour he mistakenly believes is a psychiatrist, in the
early morning hours. Torn by her feelings for the men, Jemima
plans to return Frederick's engagement ring to him, but Frederick
discovers her "letters to a stranger" and learns how unhappy
Jemima has been. Tostado agrees. Totally unplanned, Alan notices
his secretary; Ina (Kemi Lala Akindoju); and falls in love with
her. Toto approves of the work and asks Marty to start making
drawings for the comic series and gives him another deadline.
Toto takes to his bed, but three of his girlfriends insist on
nursing him: Fifi (Joan Blondell), Florine (Louise Brooks) and
Dagmar (Yola d'Avril). Touched by the sacrifice, Lori asks
Celeste and Jeffrey not to leave the show, and softens to her
newfound parents. Touched, Jean logs onto the internet using
Holly's screen name and talks to Adam. Touched, Sophie finds Alex
backstage, and he confesses he convinced Cora to drop the risqué
version of "Way Back into Love" in an attempt to win Sophie back.
Touching down in Rio, he calls a cab to take him to a nice hotel.
Tough-as-nails Lucy is her co-editor and best friend, but the
magazine itself is in serious trouble, having been scooped by a
rival magazine named Sparkle so often that the editor-in-chief
believes someone inside Poise is tipping them off. Toula
Portokalos-Miller's (Nia Vardalos) life is in shambles. Toula
decides for Paris to go prom and promises to attend the reception
later. Toula does better in her new job, catching the eye of Ian,
who is smitten with her. Toula placates her by assuring her that
when the time comes, she can marry whomever she wants. Toula
trades her glasses for contact lenses, curls her hair, and begins
to wear make-up, improving her confidence, mood, and self-esteem.
Toula tries to keep the relationship secret from her family,
until Gus finds out due to the closeness of the Greek-American
community. Toulouse arranges for Christian to see Satine (Nicole
Kidman), the star courtesan, in her private quarters to present
the work, unaware that Zidler is promising Satine to the wealthy
and unscrupulous Duke of Monroth (Richard Roxburgh), a potential
investor in the cabaret ("Sparkling Diamonds"). Toulouse-Lautrec
and the others ask for Christian's help, and his writing skills
allow them to finish their proposed show, "Spectacular
Spectacular", that they wish to sell to the owner of the Moulin
Rouge, Harold Zidler (Jim Broadbent). Toward the end of the
night, after his friends have gone, Billy meets a handsome young
man named Joshua (Robbie Cain) who enthusiastically admires
Billy's photographic work. Toy Santa is reduced to his normal
six-inch height, Scott marries Carol in a ceremony presided over
by Mother Nature herself, Scott transforms back to Santa, and
Christmas proceeds as it always has. Toy Santa takes control of
the North Pole with an army of life-size toy soldiers. Toy Santa
wastes no time in subduing Scott, but Charlie and a now-believing
Carol spring him free by summoning the Tooth Fairy to fly them
there. Tracking Minelli to his hideout in a factory, the two
prepare for the final battle. Tracy comes over and the two are
celebrating. Tracy decides to have sex, their first attempt goes
horribly wrong, and she backs out of trying again. Tracy sees
this as an opportunity to give Erik a "guilt free weekend pass,"
hoping that he can quench his lust and get sex out of his system
since she is not ready. Tramp arrives and breaks into the cage
just in time. Tramp hears her barking and rushes back, entering
the house and corners the rat in the nursery. Tramp is about to
lead his son out when the dogcatcher arrives. Tramp offers to
escort Lady back home, but when Tramp decides to chase hens
around a farmyard for fun, Lady is captured by the dog catcher
and brought to the local dog pound. Tramp rescues her and finds a
beaver at the local zoo who can remove the muzzle. Tramp tries to
reason with Scamp, but Scamp's wish to be a wild dog causes Tramp
to lose his temper. Tramp, Scamp and Angel return home, where the
family decides to adopt Angel and Jim gives a bath to Scamp.
Trask gets on another elevator with Jack and Tess, where Tess
then gives her elevator pitch to Trask, telling him the
roundabout way in which she came up with the idea for the merger.
Trask is interested, and a meeting is set up. Travel agency clerk
Tommy Bradford (Dennis O'Keefe) delivers tickets to wealthy
Westley Piermont (George Barbier) at the lavish wedding of his
daughter. Traveling home on the subway, Oscar proposes another
date and tries to guess Charity's job, deciding that she works in
a bank. Traveling separately from the rest of the family, the
mother and Egg are killed in an airplane crash. Travelling across
the rooftops of the city, the cats meet O'Malley's friend Scat
Cat and his musicians, who perform the song Ev'rybody Wants to Be
a Cat. Travelling up on the train to Earndale, the two candidates
meet and while she quickly works out who he is, he remains
ignorant of her true identity. Travis apologizes to Crawl for
hitting him and says he is the better man for Rebecca, inviting
Crawl to a bachelor party he has Tracy come and dance for Crawl
and the next morning, Becca finds the two of them waking up in
the barn. Travis receives an audio tape recorded by his lover,
Bobby, before his death which sends him on a scavenger hunt of
sorts to Bobby's home town in Texas. Treece and Cammy decided
they were just good friends and they shouldn't drink so much
around each other. Trent accuses him of looking awfully good
considering Alonzo Grant has been in the hospital for the past 2
weeks, and asks a worker there what his real name is, who answers
Derrick Harver. Trent doesn't want to pay Douglas, so he gets a
note at dinner asking Trent to meet Douglas in Julie's dressing
room. Trent goes to Jhnelle and begs her to go with him to a
television award show. Trent is thrilled. Trent offers his saloon
as a replacement, and Em and the dance-hall girls leave town.
Trent visits to see the value of the Harvey House and other
trappings of civilization, then he tells Purvis to leave them
alone, but Purvis continues with his campaign of intimidation,
finally burning down the restaurant. Trent, upset that the
wedding is still on, goes back to Douglas and tells him he won't
pay until the engagement is broken for good. Treva's experiments
fail, but Sheldon falls for her, possibly finding her to be very
similar to his mother (see Oedipus complex). Tricia urges him to
move on and begin dating again, helping him dress better and
creating an online dating profile. Tricked by her boss (Oliver
Platt) into a date with his lascivious colleague (Kevin Spacey),
she gets into trouble by publicly insulting him and is reassigned
as secretary to a new financial executive, Katharine Parker
(Sigourney Weaver). Trip emphasizes how he dumped his girlfriend
in the same fashion that Mike did to score with women and was
unsuccessful. Tripp (Matthew McConaughey), a 35-year-old man, is
still living with his parents Al (Terry Bradshaw) and Sue (Kathy
Bates), in Baltimore. Tripp angrily confronts his parents, and
breaks up with Paula. Tripp's best friends Demo (Bradley Cooper)
and Ace (Justin Bartha) are also still living in their parents'
homes and seem proud of it. Tripp's parents and friends devise a
plan to reconcile the two lovers. Trish rushes to him in concern,
and he finally confesses to her that he is a virgin. Trish's
jealous TV-star husband crashes the wedding and gets into a fight
with Ulysses. Trouble develops. Trouble is, Tod's been
romantically involved with Betty Gilbert, a nightclub singer,
while Gert's gotten engaged to Tod's football rival, Andy Mason.
Troy Bolton is still dating Gabriella Montez, who decides to stay
in Albuquerque with her mother. Troy agrees to sing with his
friends in the show ("You Are The Music In Me"), not knowing that
Sharpay is vying for his attention. Troy and Gabriella appear
during the second half of the show and sing their duet together.
Troy and Gabriella both win their respective competitions and the
entire school gathers in the gym to celebrate ("We're All In This
Together"). Troy and Gabriella rush to help her, and they sing
together as Kelsi plays piano ("What I've Been Looking For
(Reprise)"). Troy and Gabriella rush to the auditorium, and
Sharpay and Ryan finish performing their song ("Bop to the Top"),
confident that their plan worked. Troy and Gabriella's
relationship is strained when Troy sees Ryan with Gabriella,
sparking jealousy. Troy and Lelaina reunite and make amends after
Troy returns from his father's funeral in Chicago. Troy arrives
at Mike's apartment after finding out Mike got him his police
job. Troy befriends and confides in them that he has slept with
both women and men, but is reluctant to embrace any gay feelings.
Troy continues to worry about funding for college. Troy
eventually decides to look for a summer job to gain money for
college. Troy eventually succumbs to Marc's advances during
Gwen's homoerotic photo shoot, and the two fool around, but Marc
cannot go through with it because he still has feelings for Kyle.
Troy goes to Gabriella's house and they reconcile. Troy is
confused because he did not apply to Juilliard. Troy is
floundering, having lost several minimum wage jobs—the last of
which he loses early in the film for stealing a candy bar from
his employer. Troy is left confused as to why Gabriella did not
want to audition anymore. Troy is then tricked into saying that
Gabriella is not important while she watches through a wi-fi link
that the scholastic decathlon team had set up. Troy later gets a
call from Gabriella saying that although she loves him, she will
not return to Albuquerque for prom or graduation. Troy overhears
the exchange and tries to persuade Gabriella to change her mind.
Troy returns to work the next day to find that his friends refuse
to talk to him. Troy shows Gabriella around the school and they
pause in front of the sign-up sheet for the winter musical
auditions. Troy sings the song ("Everyday") alone until Gabriella
surprisingly joins him onstage. Troy takes a liking to Tiffani
and they start a relationship. Troy talks to Gabriella about this
and after sharing an awkward goodnight, Gabriella sings ("Walk
Away") and leaves for college the next day. Troy then overhears
Gwen and Marc talking about the entire scheme. Troy ultimately
concludes that he is bisexual (to which everyone shouts out,
"There's no such thing. Troy's father, Jack, talks to him about
his academic future, which he expects will be in the University
of Albuquerque. Trucker realizes he doesn't have to hide his past
from Zo because she already knows who he really is. Trucker takes
everyone back to his home and admits that he was never a surf
child who went to Woodstock, but that actually he was a very
macho guy who served three tours in Vietnam, where he killed more
people than he could count and learned deadly fighting skills.
Trudy Kockenlocker (Betty Hutton) is a small-town girl with a
soft spot for soldiers. Trudy falls in love with Jim, and when
her father demands to meet him, convinces O'Connor to also take
up residence, pretending to be the panhandler "Mike". True love
is difficult to resist, they learn. Trusted company president
Bill Coles (Dean Jones), fearful that the takeover will leave him
with nothing, offers to let Garfield vote his shares in the
company in exchange for a million-dollar payout. Try and lick
that. Trying to allay what he assumes are her suspicions about
the arrangement, and unaware Mary is the person with whom he has
been sharing the attic loft, Jack strongly denounces his co-
tenant to her, until the landlord comes and explains all. Trying
to catch the unsuspecting banker's attention she fakes fainting
in her seat. Trying to get Mary out of his truck, he tells her he
wishes she could be there. Trying to get Robert inebriated, the
boys end up drunk themselves. Trying to get away from work, he
ends up being seen with a mannequin, which he is trying to get
repaired. Trying to get the story, he runs into Jane Hamilton
(Helen Mack) who is really Princess Helen. Trying to hurt
Matthew, she borrows money from Terence and buys an expensive
present for Jeremy, while posing as a wealthy heiress. Trying to
impress Helen, Tony buys a Rembrandt from Claire Barrington (Rose
Hobart) for $20,000, only to have the gallery's art expert,
Appleby (Francis Pierlot), unmask the painting as a very good
fake. Trying to look casual, Millie has been smoking a cigarette
outside the building, and when she begins to choke on it, she
tosses it into a window, setting off the fireworks. Trying to
prove herself, Tess once again tries to cook breakfast, only to
fail because she knows nothing of cooking. Tucker thanks them and
they continue on. Tulsa and his buddies have formed a band and
perform in various German "Gasthauses", night clubs, and on an
Armed Forces stage. Tulsa uses his Southern charm and calls Lili
"ma'am". Tulsa's friend Cookie, meanwhile, falls in love with
Lili's roommate, Tina (Letícia Román) from Italy. Turning up in
California for his campaign extremely drunk, Bulworth freely
begins speaking his mind at public events and in the presence of
the C-SPAN film crew following his campaign. Tweety pops up and
says (in Peter Lorre's voice) "That's All Folks. Twenty years ago
Hugh and Victor were rivals for Miriam's hand. Twenty years
before, she had stolen Mae's husband. Twenty years later, Willie
(Buster Keaton Sr) receives a letter informing him that his
father's estate is now his. Twenty-eight-year-old Jessica Stein,
a copyeditor living and working in New York City, is plagued by
failed blind dates with men, and decides to answer a newspaper's
personal advertisement containing a quote from Rilke that she had
read and admired earlier. Twenty-five years later, the brothers
are the world's most successful con men. Twenty-three years later
in 2011, Danny (now 45-years old) is now a successful plastic
surgeon in Los Angeles who feigns unhappy marriages to get women,
and to avoid romantic commitment that may lead to heartbreak.
Twice divorced Jackie Millet tries one more time with number
three. Two 29-year-old women, Abigail Scanlon and Parker Wald are
best friends and have been best friends since childhood who
return to their small hometown of Lambert, Louisiana from New
York City for a visit. Two New Jersey mobsters are almost killed
when a deal in Eastern Europe goes wrong. Two identical twins
were separated when they were babies, as one of them came
crawling father's luxury car and accidentally entered the trailer
of a troupe of artists. Two lovers are separated and marry other
partners. Two months after Lainey has left, during brunch with
Paula, Jake sees Matt and punches him in the face. Two of
Richard's teenaged neighbors, Heather (Natasha Slayton) and
Rebecca (Najarra Townsend), develop a playful relationship with a
much older neighbor Andrew (Brad William Henke) who works in the
shoe store with Richard. Two of the classes he takes are speech,
taught by Mercedes Tainot (Julia Roberts) and economics, taught
by dr Ed Matsutani (George Takei). Two of the show's performers
announce that they are going to have a baby. Two of these
acquaintances have a look at that paper bag from Vada's small box
of memories about her mother, but neither can decipher it. Two
people, living in Boston and unlucky in love – a nurse, Erin,
whose activist boyfriend, Sean, has just walked out on their
relationship to help a Native American tribe fight off a land
development deal, and a plumber, Alan, struggling to pay off
family obligations while pursuing a career as a marine biologist
– deal with personal and professional problems and stumble
through relationships, continually crossing one another's paths
without ever truly meeting and realizing how perfect they are for
one another. Two relationships in North London simultaneously
draw to a close. Two rescue boats arrive. Two sisters, Jean
(Gloria DeHaven) and Patsy Deyo (June Allyson), are born into a
vaudeville family, and when they grow up, start an act
themselves. Two stylish people, Karl and Louise (a married
woman), fall in love at a country club dance on Samolo, a south
Pacific island. Two truck drivers from Brooklyn travel to Mexico
to deliver an elephant named "Bunny", but they have lost the
address of where Bunny is to be delivered to. Two weeks later,
Pegeen ends their relationship, telling Axler she "made a
mistake". Two weeks later, on Christmas Eve, Matuschek and
Company achieves record sales. Two witches in colonial Salem,
Jennifer (Veronica Lake) and her father Daniel (Cecil Kellaway),
are burned at the stake after being denounced by Puritan Jonathan
Wooley (Fredric March) and their ashes buried beneath a tree to
imprison their evil spirits. Two women suggest an institution for
Sylvia's brother Frank (Jimmy Butler), because he missed two days
of school. Two years later, Samantha receives a call from Audrey
that Top got into an accident after he mysteriously vanished
without anyone knowing. Two years later, Thea, pregnant for real
(with her and Nick's child), goes into labor. Two years later, he
sees her again, at a racetrack in Paris, in the company of an
aged Frenchman. Two years later, this issue becomes known when
one of the six couples he married files divorce. Two years later,
with their marriage on firmer grounds, the Ferris family has twin
boys while Ferris continues making life easy for militaryIP. Ty
calls her a horrible person, but agrees to break up with Elle
anyway to protect her. Ty hears her sing, and Elle is viciously
insulted by Sensation and Kandi for being an obsessive fan. Ty is
determined to find the girl he met with the help of TJ (Brandon
Mychal Smith) but fails. Ty leads him to the staff-room where
Marisa is having her break. Ty rushes to make Elle's audition and
arrives just as she is standing tongue-tied on the stage. Ty
wants to go with Chris to walk his dog and the pair go to
Caroline Lane’s room to ask Marisa for permission. Ty, who is all
jumpy about signing Spunn, is also shocked to discover that Kandi
is anything but blonde on an awkward meeting set up for the two
by Allen, and leaves in a fit of rage, snapping at Allen that
this time, it's about what he really wants. Tyler meets Sydney
and is immediately smitten, while Rachel watches from her window,
with an immediate dislike towards Sydney. US. Ugo meanwhile is
pursuing his private search for a lost play by Goldoni and in a
library meets the attractive Dominique, who tells him to try a
collector. Ugo then calls on Pierre and challenges him to a duel,
place and weapons to be his choice. Ultimately he discovers the
hippie lifestyle is as unfulfilling and unsatisfying as his old
lifestyle and once more decides to marry Joyce. Ultimately she
cannot salvage her relationship with her newscaster boyfriend,
but in the end, she does finally find a man, a photographer, who
is decent enough to be the man to whom she finally loses her
virginity. Ultimately they end up at the grave site Bobby's
parents had prepared for him decades earlier. Ultimately, Fanny
gives the child up for adoption to start a new life. Ultimately,
Miles is seen driving back to Santa Ynez and knocking on Maya's
door. Ultimately, Quentin accepts it was unfair for him to expect
Margo to live up to his perfect image of her. Ultimately, Sir
Robert discovers mrs Cheveley in the drawing room and, convinced
of an affair between these two former lovers, angrily storms out
of the house. Ultimately, an unsuccessful suicide attempt leads
him to find meaning in his life after unexpectedly viewing the
Marx Brothers' Duck Soup in a movie theater. Ultimately, back in
India for Jaya and Balraj's wedding, Darcy surprises and wins
over Lalita by joining in the traditional drumming, showing that
he is learning to appreciate Indian culture. Ultimately, he moves
up the ladder at work, becoming company president, only to find
it is not what he really wanted. Ultimately, however, he
sympathises with her and decides against it. Ultimately,
realizing how selfish he had been acting concedes and allows her
to perform. Ultimately, they are wedded in the desert, surrounded
by the Harvey Girls. Ulysses purposely takes Fred's "hypersleep
chamber" for his own and Fred has to sleep in Ulysses' chimp-
shaped chamber. Ulysses short-circuits and crashes into the
swimming pool, turning the occasion into a public relations
disaster. Uma (Natalia Verbeke) lives in the city of Buenos Aires
with her friend Roberto, who happens to be homosexual. Unable to
accept a Sir Robert now unmasked, Lady Chiltern then denounces
her husband and refuses to forgive him. Unable to adjust to
another waitress, Melvin arranges through his publisher, whose
husband is a doctor, to pay for her son's considerable medical
expenses as long as Carol agrees to return to work. Unable to
afford a divorce settlement, Rex hires Miles to represent him.
Unable to carry out the deed, Frank confesses what Vito has
ordered him to do to Michael and the two of them turn to the FBI
in return for protection. Unable to come up with anything off the
cuff, Crawl tells them that he has already proposed and she had
accepted. Unable to confront Audrey and risk the girl's hatred,
once they track her down, Helen turns the parenting reins over to
Jenny. Unable to convince Wilder to forgo his Bingo-calling on
her first day of freedom after a year of house arrest for
inadvertent arson, Vida goes off with Wally. Unable to convince
anyone that she is not the mother, and threatened by David with
loss of her job if she doesn't assume that role, Polly gives up
and starts raising the child. Unable to deny his love for her but
not wanting her to be like him, Bloom meets with Stephen to set
up one final con, where they will fake their own deaths. Unable
to deny their feelings for each other, they kiss and Sally
realizes that he was there because of the spell she cast years
earlier. Unable to find Mike, Larry attempts to make the "Spilt
Milk" himself, the ingredients clearly aged. Unable to find a
place for themselves in st Petersburg, Anna and Vronsky leave for
Vronsky's own country estate. Unable to find another PR job, she
takes two part-time jobs to pay the bills. Unable to focus on his
writing, Josh sits at home watching television while Nat's out
jogging. Unable to reach his flat, he books into the exclusive
Royal Parks Hotel, where a costume ball is taking place. Unable
to reconcile with Laney, Zack ends up attending the prom with his
sister, while Taylor arrives alone, thinking that Zack is still
interested in her despite his refusal of her advances. Unable to
resist, he kisses her. Unable to sleep, Mikal and Zia discover a
nearby ocean shore, where they kiss and spend the night together.
Unable to support her mother on her meager scholarship stipend,
she is forced to provide music lessons in her spare
time—something strictly forbidden by the school and enforced
zealously by the dean of the school, dr Kobbe (Grant Mitchell).
Unable to suppress the intrigue their easy chemistry offers,
Priya agrees to meet Granger in San Francisco. Unable to think
about anything but Duke, Jo begins to have a nervous breakdown of
her own. Unaware he is being tailed by Hippolyte, he finds a
secluded stretch along the river Seine and tosses his disguise
into it. Unaware of Caroline's relationship to Steve, Dean
Clinton (Nana Bryant) suggests to the faculty that he be admitted
for a two-week probationary period, during which time they would
give him 100 demerits, which would qualify him for expulsion
before Parents Day. Unaware of Nora's feelings for Edward, Gabe
insists that Olivia send the Dominguez sisters an invitation to
Edward and Olivia's best friend Lucy's engagement party at Casa
Bonita. Unaware of the consequences, he turns into a 30-year-old
man (Steve Eckholdt). Unaware of this, Meekin has his partner's
predicament (and potential inheritance) printed in the newspaper,
asking would-be brides to go to the Broad Street Church at 5m.
Unaware of this, the two soldiers saunter into the Emir's palace.
Unaware of what is happening, Kapoor edits the film in such a way
to give the impression of Debu as having sex. Unaware she is
married, Charley also carries out a contract to kill Irene's
husband, Marksie Heller, for robbing a Nevada casino. Unaware
that his fiancée, Jean (Donna Reed), is now dating a man (Warner
Anderson) at the department store where she works, Jeff assumes
she is still intends to marry him. Unaware that she has died and
her soul left her body, Kate awakens in Purgatory, and wastes
precious time arguing with an angel who finally leaves before she
can explain to Kate what she must do to move on. Unaware that the
Drews were bankrupted by the Great Depression, she accepts his
invitation to dinner. Unaware that they were visitors and not
residents, Kimberly mentions Akpors' comment at the conference
and her father's interest to meet him and possibly engage him in
an stand-up comedy contract. Unbeknown to him, Dixon pulls her
aside to question her about Viktor, revealing his true situation
in the process. Unbeknownst to Juli, Bryce feels horribly about
Juli's tree, considering Juli asked Bryce to come up to protest
with her and he declined. Unbeknownst to Kathy, she is stalked by
two strange men in a car. Unbeknownst to Millie, the woman is
selling her tenants into white slavery, and those without family
or close friends are her primary targets. Unbeknownst to Morton,
Kingsby, Nuboult and Nuboult's daughter Barbara (Hillary Brooke)
are scheming to steal his invention. Unbeknownst to both of them,
Julia and Donna are also con-artists and take half of the payment
to get food. Unbeknownst to both of them, Lucia is being
hypnotized by her crooked guardian, Catherine Vail. Unbeknownst
to either side, Mike and Jim get into a bidding war for the camp,
which Mike wants for an air cargo terminal. Unbeknownst to her,
Harley is using the baby in his movies. Unbeknownst to her, Peter
is "the Sunshine Man," the self-promoting and simpering host of a
radio program on which he offers syrupy homilies and moral tales
about "spreading the sunshine around" (often linked to the
products of his sponsors). Unbeknownst to her, Rene is in serious
debt. Unbeknownst to her, on the day of her interview, Miggy was
having a heated meeting with his creative team on the issue of
the Bachelor, Flippage’s men's magazine. Unbeknownst to him, she
did not do so, as she was in love with him. Unbeknownst to him,
she is just as insecure in his presence, awed by his long
stardom. Unbeknownst to the Millionaire and the Tramp, two
burglars were hiding in the house when they entered. Unbeknownst
to the college's board of trustees, Agatha was expelled from the
school years earlier for participating in an all-night date with
a young professor, dr James Merrill (Robert Young), who is now
the university president. Unbeknownst to their respective
parents, Marcus and his fiancee Lucia Ramirez (America Ferrera),
who is Mexican-American, have been living together and would like
to get married before they both head off to Laos together. Uncle
Batiste (Steppling) is at that time on the way to New York City
as he is dangerously ill and desires to see Paul. Uncle Billy
goes to Potter's bank to deposit $8,000 for the Building and
Loan. Uncle Eddie (Dennis Haysbert) shows up and begins flirting
with Loretta. Uncle Monroe calls a Man Meeting in the kitchen.
Uncle Monroe has barely stepped inside when he thinks he smells
drugs in the kitchen, which makes him hurry. Uncle Simon has a
new treat for Grover and his brothers. Unconsciously swaying the
ladder from side to side upon hearing David's further words of
endearment and love, Susan tells him that she loves him too, then
notices that the ladder is on the verge of falling over.
Unconstrained by convention and driven by practicality and her
desire for a child, Jenny rapes Technical Sergeant Garp, and uses
his semen to impregnate herself and names the resulting son "T".
Undaunted by the risks, he refuses to quit the job. Undaunted,
Bates promotes Teresita as "Princess Exotica", an escapee from a
Turkish harem, complete with a eunuch servant (Achilles) and a
lion. Undaunted, Epifania accepts his challenge and then
discloses the details of her father's will and hands him £500.
Undaunted, Monica substitutes some boxed macaroni and cheese.
Undaunted, O'Toole follows the couple to Prague, where O'Hara and
Von Luber marry. Undaunted, he arranges a meeting between Torchy
and his ex-girl friend, Rita Sloan (Constance Dowling).
Undaunted, he sets the two of them up to have dinner at
Geoffrey's apartment. Under Duncan, Santiago and Diaz's
influence, Cody meets the CIA director, who is then also
converted. Under Lester's tutelage, Dodd comes to see that the
workers are more than just numbers. Under Number 2's command,
Dave breaks out of the police station and they try to arrest him
again. Under increasing pressure from the CIA, Hathaway berates
Chris for failing to solve the laser power problem and promises
to fail him and prevent him from graduating. Under pressure to
get results, Hathaway gives Chris an unrealistic timetable, which
Chris dismisses. Under questioning (and under oath), she is
forced to admit that she did love him at one point. Under the
guidance of her domineering and much-married aunt Hortense (Alice
Brady), she consults incompetent and bumbling lawyer Egbert
Fitzgerald (Edward Everett Horton), once a fiancé of her aunt.
Under the heavy influence of psychedelic mushrooms, they realize
their loss and decide to take responsibility for their
relationships. Under the influence of wine and song, Orville
starts thinking of Polly as his wife and tosses Dino out. Under
the moonlight, she falls into his arms, while admitting to him
that she is already engaged. Under the pretense of being Jimmy's
friend, Peter reluctantly sets about romancing Betty at Jimmy's
estate. Understanding Wes's dilemma too, she apologizes for being
unable to offer anything more than friendship due to her
relationship with Kai. Unexpectedly granted a pardon on the
morning that he is to face a firing squad, Tom's release has been
managed by reporter Augusta "Gusto" Nash (Claudette Colbert), who
posed as his wife. Unexpectedly, during the show, Norbit sees
Kate for the first time since childhood. Unfazed, Donald and his
budgie take their groceries and leave, abandoning his taxi cab
and passengers. Unfortunately Helen and Bunny were rivals in high
school when Helen stole a boy from her. Unfortunately Laida is
stuck comforting her mother and is in delay of attending Miggy's
father's funeral. Unfortunately Rob is caught and forced to pay
for the bra with his mom's credit card. Unfortunately for Bryce,
this act is witnessed in front of his entire class, so he is
dogged the rest of the day by taunts, especially by his friend
Garrett. Unfortunately for all, something more sinister and
unexpected is lurking at the Abbot Estates mansion. Unfortunately
for him, his daughter is adamant about refusing this arranged
marriage and prefers romance with a handsome but penniless
windsurfing instructor (Raoul Bova) to saving her country.
Unfortunately for the general, his activity in the Yvette spy
case is still top secret, and he is forbidden to discuss it.
Unfortunately the gesture is intercepted by Anna, the Princess of
Flausenthurm (Miriam Hopkins). Unfortunately there are after-
effects. Unfortunately, Agatha is also relentless, and shows up
once again. Unfortunately, Andrew is listening to the same
program and hears Heidee telling Melissa how they should break
up. Unfortunately, Anna's father got a new job that resulted in
the Reillys moving to California, and ultimately she lost touch
with Brian and Jake. Unfortunately, Charlie can’t take a hint (or
several dozen hints) and Rob develops a plan to get the two of
them together. Unfortunately, Grover cuts his tether and he goes
floating for miles over San Diego. Unfortunately, Jammers is
about to be sold to a ruthless mob developer. Unfortunately, Max
is immediately taken by the maid. Unfortunately, Ninette's
parents, Armando (Enrique Villén) and Bernarda (Beatriz Carvajal)
do not take the news well when Ninette announces that she is
pregnant. Unfortunately, Patricia's credit cards have been
canceled by her mother. Unfortunately, a series of problems
occurred ultimately leading to cancellation of the production.
Unfortunately, disaster strikes for Beca when the Treblemakers
cause an uproar with an old a capella group after the
competition. Unfortunately, due to Nicholas's infidelity the
judge will grant the divorce for Judy unless he can prove that
Judy was also unfaithful. Unfortunately, he falls asleep on the
night he is to attend Barbara's party, and is then fired when he
is wrongly accused of spilling rum on some chewing gum samples.
Unfortunately, he loses the bottle to a beautiful young woman
named Margie Dawson (Olivia de Havilland), who is about to be
married to Army lieutenant Torchy McNeil (Sonny Tufts), an Oregon
football star, whom she has not seen in two years. Unfortunately,
her numerous attempts to tell him about the wedding are
overshadowed by their growing romance, and Colin soon finds out
about Isabelle's plans to marry herself after it was announced on
national television. Unfortunately, her wedding is suddenly
halted when the woman's son kills the groom during the ceremony,
and then shoots himself. Unfortunately, his efforts are met with
varying levels of failure, as well as disparaging looks from his
boss. Unfortunately, his parents find out the truth, and as a
result, Les is grounded for the next two weeks. Unfortunately,
his proof of Deion's divorce settlements were destroyed in the
process, due to his falling in a pond while escaping the
Latimores. Unfortunately, in the attempt, the piano is dropped
down a flight of stairs, and broken into pieces. Unfortunately,
just as he is about to ejaculate, his parents and grandmother
unexpectedly walk into the door and are hit with Erik's semen,
after which his grandmother dies of a heart attack.
Unfortunately, mrs Langley discovers the two unmarried people in
his room, and summarily kicks him out, intending to keep his
piano as payment for back rent. Unfortunately, one of Deuce's
friends accidentally kills the prize fish in Antoine's aquarium.
Unfortunately, she cannot remember her past, and has lost her
immortality. Unfortunately, she hits a Judge (Porter Hall)
instead, so she and her friend Conchita (Olga San Juan) take it
on the lam. Unfortunately, she is recognized from her wanted
poster and is chased out of town (which is demolished), along
with her crew and Shaw. Unfortunately, six weeks into their
relationship, Judith is still making Darren watch her change
clothes, and though sleeping together is satisfying for her,
Darren gets nothing but a sore jaw. Unfortunately, the advice
often seems to make more trouble. Unfortunately, the final and
Pinky's wedding are on the same day. Unfortunately, the groom is
not privy to the plan. Unfortunately, the instructions appear to
be in Latin, which no one on board reads. Unfortunately, the only
person with any survival skills is Stephen, and the socialites
are quick to demand that he gather food and build shelter.
Unfortunately, the taxi they get into to get away is driven by
her father, who takes them in an airborne ride back to the tree.
Unfortunately, they are now going through an ugly split.
Unfortunately, this vow is tested almost immediately.
Unfortunately, when she arrives, the man turns out to be an "old
coot" who does not at all meet her expectations – and he also
wants not to get married as much as she wants not to marry him,
so they agree to call it off. Unfulfilled, Priscilla forms an
unlikely partnership with Wayne (Danny DeVito), a businessman
more than twice her age. Unhappy with Brice's inattentiveness,
Judith sneaks out to meet Harley and they have sex again.
Universally, it had been expressed by the parents that more than
a few hours are necessary for a proper decision, but John's
mother brings up her idea of what the men are missing about the
situation: passion. Unknowingly, Sharpay is a maid to her and
answers to her every need. Unknown to Anna, Ben is a Secret
Service agent, and he informs agents Alan Weiss (Jeremy Piven)
and Cynthia Morales (Annabella Sciorra) where she can be found.
Unknown to Caroline and Steve, Maria is on campus, looking to
expose George, who has been trying to get rid of her, to Steve.
Unknown to Hlynur, she is also in love with his mother, Berglind.
Unknown to Molly, the conversation has been watched and heard by
Lady Devenish's son Jack (Stuart), who finds Molly extremely
attractive. Unknown to him at this point, his car is being
stolen. Unknown to him, the innkeeper's wife has replaced the
knob, so, when he tries to demonstrate that the door will not
open, it does. Unknown to them, the driver understood their
conversation and threatens them with a gun before dropping them
half-naked on the streets in annoyance. Unknown to them, the
factory also has an open microphone to a radio station, and the
song is actually broadcast over the air. Unlike Rachel's views
that promote elitism and exclusivism based solely on popularity
and appearances, something that everyone on campus dislikes about
her, Sydney and the dorks believe in accepting diversity and
equality. Unlike the boozer. Unmasked, his nemesis turns out to
be Foussard's daughter, Danielle. Unnerved, Augie wonders if he
should confess everything to Isolde. Unsure of the man he is, Kim
has her girlfriend meet with him at a local cafe where she
becomes uncomfortable of the way Julian hits it off with the
other woman, so she reveals herself. Unsure of what he is getting
himself into, Will agrees to help Charlotte's band (later called
I Can't Go On, I'll Go On) which includes Bug (Charlie Saxton)
and Omar (Tim Jo), eventually expanding it with more like-minded
outcasts. Unsure that he can make a difference in his
parishioners' lives and beginning to lose his faith, Henry prays
to God for help, which comes in the form of Dudley (Denzel
Washington), a witty and debonair angel. Unsure what to do next,
Lisa begins dating Matty Reynolds, a pitcher for the Washington
Nationals. Unsure when to call, Donald leaves multiple messages
on her phone until she finally answers and they go to the
amusement park. Unusually for this type of a film (and for this
era of Hollywood), the character Kathryn has only recently met
her father for the first time since she was a baby, her parents
having divorced. Unwilling to let that happen, he agrees to do
so, despite his friends offering to prevent this happening.
Unwilling to lose his prize act, he has Slick, recently released
from prison, sneak into Tira's penthouse suite, where Jack finds
him in his robe. Up above, gangster Bonelli has been handing out
thousands to his girls. Upon Danny's return to Brooklyn, the film
revolves around characters realizing their dreams of escaping
working-class drudgery: in Sinatra's case to become a
singer/musician rather than a shipping clerk, in Lawford's case
to break out of his extreme shyness to gain a wife and a career
as a songwriter, and in Grayson's case to break out of her
schoolteaching job to star in the opera (although this last is
not shown coming to pass, but she presumably lives happily ever
after as she is brought to England as the fiancée of the Lawford
character, who is heir to a dukedom). Upon Nigel's dismissive
comment that the real one is kept in a vault and the $200,000
copy in the office is for show, Max reconsiders if he wants to
still be like Nigel. Upon Ted's return, she tells him she
"balanced [their] accounts," withholding Don's name. Upon arrival
at Eden West, the four couples are shown their villas. Upon
arrival at Heathrow Airport, he encounters Kate Walker, a single
Londoner who works collecting statistics from passengers as they
pass through the terminals. Upon arrival he discovers his father
was not alone in the Fiat he was driving; with him was his
British mistress, whose daughter, free-spirited London shop girl
Pamela Piggott, also is on the scene, though she clearly knew of
their parents' clandestine romance beforehand. Upon arrival he
visits his brother Jim, a banker, who believes Will has mental
problems because of the death of their parents and Will's
obsession with Emma. Upon arrival home Ben even refers to Andie
as "his girlfriend". Upon arrival in San Francisco, they discover
themselves as ghosts and therefore unable to interact with the
physical world. Upon arrival, Ben and Bridget still agree to get
married since they realize even after everything that has
happened, they truly love each other. Upon arrival, Matt is
extremely disrespectful to the rules along with everyone at Tall
Oaks and even gets his school's band in trouble. Upon arrival,
the girls see the puppet is behind the stage. Upon arrival, they
meet Count Leon d'Algout (Melvyn Douglas), on a mission from the
Russian Grand Duchess Swana (Ina Claire), who wants to retrieve
her jewelry before it is sold. Upon arriving at the agreed
meeting place, she hears Fox calling to Brinkley, who has run
ahead, and sees that her on-line friend is really Fox, and that
she loves him, too. Upon arriving at the train station, she
discovers she has only enough money to cover a child's fare, so
she disguises herself as a twelve-year-old girl named Su-Su. Upon
arriving in California, Alison discovers the real reason Walter
is making the trip is to meet his "Sure Thing" and angrily runs
off. Upon arriving in Grosse Pointe, Martin reconnects with his
childhood friend Paul and seeks out his high school sweetheart
Debi Newberry, now a radio DJ, whom Martin had abandoned on prom
night to enlist in the Army. Upon arriving, Damon and Lily
discover that the family is just as bizarre as Jarrod himself.
Upon arriving,J. Upon asking the date to a stranger, the realizes
that he has traveled through time. Upon being discharged the next
day Harvey receives a call from his boss who has discovered that
he needs Harvey to continue handling the account at work. Upon
being tipped off by the arrival of King William's captain, Derek
arrives on the scene, where William tells him with his dying
breath that they were attacked by a "Great Animal", and that
Odette is "gone". Upon discovering Julie's new marriage, Marty
demands his rights as her first husband. Upon discovering this
from his friends Rob and Carrie, Joel was devastated and decided
to undergo the procedure himself, a process that takes place
while he sleeps. Upon entering Abu Dhabi, Samantha's hormone-
enhancing drugs are confiscated under UAE law. Upon finding the
"papers", which Scat reads, when Hot Lips asks what they are
about, Scat tears them up and looks into the camera, saying, "The
world must never know". Upon finding the brothers trying to force
the women to return, the fathers believe their daughters are
being assaulted and charge to their rescue. Upon going to the
public records office to get a marriage license, Emma and her
perfect-gentleman fiancé, Richard (Colin Firth), are told she is
already married. Upon graduation from Buffalo Grove High School,
valedictorian Denis Cooverman states to the entire gymnasium that
he's had a crush on cheerleader Beth Cooper for six years. Upon
hearing about Grace's accident, Fred tries to go to the hospital
but finds Brent vandalizing what he thought was Rick's car. Upon
hearing about the cash, they knock out the millionaire and take
the rest of his money. Upon hearing that Alex is singing a new
song "written by Alex Fletcher", Sophie is upset to believe that
Alex is stealing credit for her work; however, the song Alex
sings is called "Don't Write Me Off", his plea for Sophie to give
him another chance. Upon hearing that Asher just broke up with
her, Josh feels guilty. Upon hearing the news, John and Max
reignite their feud. Upon hearing this, Ava becomes enraged and
accuses Charlie of having an affair with his secretary, Adriana.
Upon hearing this, Ted tells her that Jake had been asking about
her at the dance, and they agree that Sam should just go and talk
to him. Upon his arrival at the villa, Robert discovers that, in
his absence, his major domo, Maurice Clavell (Walter Slezak), has
turned the villa into a hotel, currently hosting a group of
teenage girls, including Sandy (Sandra Dee), and their chaperone,
Margaret Allison (Brenda De Banzie). Upon his arrival, Jones is
mistaken for Mannion by the waiting henchmen and quickly realizes
that he is meant to be the fall guy. Upon his release eighteen
months later, Henry finds his purpose. Upon his release, he
hatches a scheme with several of his former associates to use the
mine, which he believes worthless, to con rich New Yorkers. Upon
his return, he finds Leahy about to be claimed by Beery and
attempts to make off with her. Upon his return, the police wait
out Frances and the Moor as they dance together all night. Upon
investigating, she learns that he is actually part of a fantasy
baseball draft, which he explains he participates in to be free
from Debbie's controlling manner. Upon learning he had no
intention of doing so, Tiffany locks Chucky in a playpen, and
later gives him a doll in a wedding dress to make fun of him.
Upon learning of Ben's bet, Andie attempts to humiliate Ben by
getting on stage and telling all he has prepared a "special
treat": to sing a song. Upon learning of a drama camp owned by
Dick Dickey (Drew Droege), the pair apply along with Zack's
boyfriend Casey (Daniel Skelton). Upon learning that Arielle is a
married mother of two, Sam tells Brian that he disapproves of the
relationship, while Arlene accepts that they love each other
despite the circumstances. Upon learning that Ellen was marooned
on the island with a man, Stephen Burkett (Tom Tryon) — whom she
knew as "Adam" to her "Eve" — he becomes jealous and suspicious
of her fidelity. Upon learning that Melissa is back at the resort
and never even left, she hurriedly rents a pink Cadillac and
drives all the way back, where she accidentally walks in on
Melissa in bed with Jamie. Upon learning that he really did
inherit two million dollars and has given it away, Peter is
dumbfounded and believes he owes Christy an apology for thinking
that she was crazy. Upon learning the news, Alfie drives to the
crash site and cries over the wreckage. Upon meeting Chris,
however, he is angry and doesn't want an unrelated six-year-old
orphan. Upon meeting some Americans who are about to go home in a
private yacht, he joins them. Upon opening the box on the front
lawn of their house as instructed on the box, helium-filled
balloons float out of it and float away into the bright blue sky.
Upon parting they exchange a single, gentle kiss and agree to
meet at noon later that day. Upon passing his high school
examination in 1901 with the help of drJüttner, the young prince
(Ramón Novarro) is delighted to learn that both he and Jüttner
are being sent to Heidelberg, where he will continue his
education. Upon realizing his mistake, Derek races after Odette
back to Swan Lake, where Odette transforms back into a princess.
Upon receiving advice from his father, Tom attempts to see Sarah
at her family's estate, but gives up after unsuccessfully trying
to ram the gate. Upon receiving retribution from his wife, who
claims that Jack never warmed up to Kevin until after he and Pam
broke up, and Pam (as well as confirmation that Greg actually
aced the MCAT's), Jack realizes that Pam truly loves Greg. Upon
returning home, Mandy reverses the order upon Ella. Upon
returning home, Mary rejects the latest in a string of marriage
proposals from persistent suitor Ronald DeVore, a rich man almost
twice her age. Upon returning to LA and having a frightening
reunion with Samantha (who sneaks into Chris's house to "surprise
him"), Chris realizes that Jamie is his one and only official and
true love. Upon returning to New Jersey and thereafter, Vinny
experiences changes in his attitude toward women and how he sees
his life moving forward. Upon returning to the hotel with
Rodrigo's associate, Victor (Freddy Rodriguez), the girls
discover Tomás is missing and a note that reads, "If you want
your Papi back, bring the money to the Don Quixote puppet atA.
Upon returning, Hannah surprisingly announces she is engaged to a
wealthy Scot named Colin (Kevin McKidd). Upon safely returning to
the mainland, they learn that Aziz and his men have taken control
of a Miami skyscraper via helicopter and have kidnapped Dana,
threatening to detonate the remaining bomb. Upon seeing Meg, his
mother, at the hotel, Brent thinks Fred has had sex with her and
tries to kill him as well, but runs out of bullets and is tackled
by Paige and Meg. Upon seeing Rene, she invites him to dinner,
where Lady Malverton tells him to demonstrate his skills as a
chef. Upon seeing happier times of love with Clementine from
earlier in their relationship, he struggles to preserve at least
some memory of her and his love for her. Upon seeing her torn
clothes, Chuck and 'Fearless' assume she's dead. Upon seeing the
frustrated Carol, Simon begins to sketch her semi-nude in his
hotel room and rekindles his creativity, once more feeling a
desire to paint. Upon seeing the horn being taken into a police
station, they retrieve it, with Carface failing to steal it from
them. Upon seeing the money, Potter realizes the potential
scandal could lead to the Building and Loan's downfall. Upon
seeing this, he kicks them out of his apartment and shuts the
door. Upon taking charge of the once-powerful choir, Darrin
discovers that it has fallen into decline over the years, with
only a handful of members remaining. Upon the return to her
apartment though, they bump into all three of the love-struck
Courtneys. Upon the revelation that Cole won by one vote, his
conscience gets the better of him and he concedes the match to
Harrison. Upon the sale of the family's treasured piano
("Flitterin'"), Nancy reveals that the house is vacant and the
family decides to relocate to the country ("Beautiful Beulah").
Upon their arrival, Paige finds Myra is unhappy with her arranged
marriage to the brooding and sinister Kah and is secretly in love
with a young elephant handler named Alu. Upon their arrival, the
town erupts into a temporary panic until everyone recognizes
their loved ones from the dead and they have a joyous reunion
under the bizarre circumstances. Upon their entrance into YouTube
they are taken into an ad, in which Diri skips due to Ian's
irritation. Upon their release, the Girl pushes him into his
enormous swimming pool for deceiving her about his true identity.
Upon this happening, Lysander immediately falls in love with
Helena. Upon waking up, he sees Helena. Upon witnessing Ta-da's
good performance and the snobby attitudes of Tammi and Royce,
Nikko becomes determined to help Spectacular. Upset at Ben's
rejection, Anna hitchhikes a ride in a truck, leaving Ben to
chase her through the Austrian countryside. Upset at this, and
frustrated by all the restrictions of training, Gen quits. Upset
by Alex's willingness to demean his talent and extremely hurt by
his argument that Sloan Cates was right about her personality,
Sophie leaves him. Upset by her rejection, Jeff takes Arnau out
on the town, and they pick up some young women. Upset by this
news, "Mrs. Upset of what she heard, she goes to see Top at his
mother's tombstone to apologize and Top introduces Samantha to
his mother. Upset on what he discovered, Top breaks up again with
her but Samantha wanted Top to fight for them. Upset that Ben
would waste his time on a "stupid investigation", Sadie calls off
the wedding. Upset with his current living arrangements, Sam
shares occupancy of a flat for two days per week with slob Brian
and painter Ellen. Upset with the dog for making a mess of his
work, the painter kicks the dog down the hill. Upset, John
rebuffs her, shocked that his friend would break him up with a
girlfriend he was so fond of. Upset, Rip tells Nickleby that he
is "walking out on the team". Upset, and with Ted out on a
business trip, Jerry spends the night with his best friend, Don.
Upset, he leaves. Upset, she declares that she will share the
German's tent after all; Ben finally admits his feelings for Anna
and they spend the night together. Upset, she disappears.
Upstairs, the cat burglar silently cleans out several jewel
boxes. Ursula arrives to apologize for her jealousy; Charity is
swiftly bundled into a closet before Vittorio opens the door to
Ursula. Ursula refuses to go back inside with Vittorio, who
promptly takes the only-too-willing Charity instead. Used to
Cormack's matrimonial antics, he offeres Paula a large sum of
money to divorce Cormack, as he thinks Paula is Clarice. Used to
being overlooked due to her appearance, Rosemary initially
interprets Hal’s interest as mocking, but begins to realize his
feelings for her are sincere. Using a disguise, he invents an
alter-ego, "Lord X", a British lord, who "becomes" Irma's sole
client. Using a little of his Christmas magic, Scott enlivens the
party by presenting everyone with their childhood dream gifts.
Using a reluctant Tada as a "spy" they discover that Kobayashi
has been stealing the supplies, all creature comforts, to feed
and clothe his pregnant girlfriend. Using a trick seen earlier in
his stage act, Stanley appears to leave the room but stays to
overhear Sophie and Howard discuss their collusion in what has
been an elaborate ruse. Using a voice masking device, Harry
interrogates Helen and learns that, due to his constant absence,
she is desperately seeking adventure. Using her friend as
inspiration, Andie reveals how she will actually start dating a
guy and drive him away but "only using the classic mistakes women
make". Using her ghostly abilities of intangibility, levitation,
and auditory hallucination, Kate hopes to force Ashley to break
up with Henry. Using her knowledge of the male psyche and her new
Five Step program, Shanté gives Tiffany the necessary tools she
needs to "train" Byron and teach him a lesson for his behavior.
Using his Magnobeam (a giant magnet), he kidnaps Marge and her
husband, Dick (Jeffrey Jones), as they are on their way to a
20th-anniversary weekend, hoping to make Marge his wife before he
blows up the Earth. Using his gift, Nick detects that her
boyfriend, who is older than Alex, plans to sleep with her and
then dump her, but she does not want Nick's advice. Using the
Chinese he learned while in Tibet, Tennessee tries to reason with
Wu, and learns that he is a huge racing fan who knows all about
Jim and Herbie's exploits. Using the fabric from Iona's dress and
the thrift shop dress, Andie creates a new pink prom dress. Using
the money he made, Deuce restores Antoine's fish tank, although
due to time constraints he is warned that the glass may not be
installed properly. Using the newspaper photograph, he blackmails
her into going out with him. Using the screen name 'Shopgirl',
she reads an email from "NY152", the screen name of Joe Fox whom
she first met in an "over-30s" chatroom. Using this information,
she makes a "to do list" of sexual acts to learn and perform.
Using what little resources he can scrounge up, he devises a plan
to sneak back into Spengo's palace and save Marge. Usually when
she orders and is asked how many, Lucy replies, "one," but this
time, with a silly smile, Lucy replies, "This is for two".
Utterly devastated and distraught, Anderson quits his job and
goes into mourning. Uğur Yiğit is a salesman and fanatic
Fenerbahçe fan. Uğur and his friends decide to do a grand "totem"
over Pınar's health. Uğur's and Pınar's mothers who are close
friends, decide to match them together. VI, is in need of a new
motor (engine) in order to compete in the event. Vada and Nick
meet several people who knew her mother. Vada even thinks about
getting her own apartment while spending a night out with her
father. Vada expresses her desire to travel someday, so Shelly
concocts a plan for her to travel to Los Angeles during her
spring break, where she can stay with her Uncle Phil and do
research on her mother, who lived inA. Vada is given a school
assignment to write an essay on someone she admires but has never
met. Vail plans to marry Lucia to her brother so she can control
her and a set of "papers". Val Waxman (Allen) is a once
prestigious film director lately reduced to overseeing cheesy
television commercials in order to pay his bills and support his
current live-in girlfriend, Lori (Debra Messing). Val and
Marshall’s vaudeville parents leave them behind to do the
circuits. Val comes in and calls them away to lunch, staying
behind to inform Billie that his parents will be away for 3-4
more months. Val insists on going with her before being called
back to the kitchen. Val is so frustrated, she seeks a lawyer's
advice about wanting a divorce. Val punches Lee and Irving and
Ivan go and do the big dance finale (Johnny One Note Ballet). Val
then meets Billie, a girl who has driven from the coast, only to
have her car break down. Valentine decides to use this news to
ignite his ambition. Valentine is attracted to Jonathan and sets
out first to reform and then to marry him, explaining to her
horse-breaking uncle Sam (Frank Thomas) that she intends to "slip
a bit in his mouth and make him like it". Valentine is pleased by
his display of initiative and drive. Valentine, who had planned
to become a gourmet chef, is now running a hamburger stand in
Schenectady, New York that he calls "The Cordon Bleu", and has a
wife and children. Valeria Brinton marries Eustace Woodville
despite objections from Woodville's family leading to disquiet
for Valeria's own family and friends. Valeria sets out to save
their happiness by proving her husband innocent of the crime.
Valerie and Mac begin to fall for each other and go back to
Valerie's place. Valerie comes out to say good-bye, followed by
Ted, who discovers the ship. Valerie likes it that Ernie does
things her husband won't – dances with her, compliments her, even
picks out the gifts Dan gets for her. Valerie smashes the police
vehicle to get arrested, too, so she can go with Mac. Valery asks
about Jane, and Brian tells him that she is married with a son.
Valery shows up at Brian's apartment that night; he slaps Brian
and expresses anger at Brian's betrayal of the rules and
boundaries of an open marriage. Valery, who is aware of Brian's
affair with Arielle, approaches him on the street and invites
Brian to his house for dinner. Valley Girl Valerie Gail is a
manicurist at the "Curl Up & Dye" hair salon. Van Horn (Robert
Benchley), his lawyer and longtime friend, suggests he get
married that day and transfer all his assets to his new wife to
get around the injunction. Van Horn becomes a reluctant chaperon,
rooming with Stephen. Van Leemer and Robin are kicked off the
team. Vanessa is not pleased, confronting Janet about Lawrence's
fragility. Various events involve a dating agency run by Sid
Bliss (Sid James) and his longtime girlfriend Sophie Plummett
(Hattie Jacques). Various friends, lovers, acquaintances, and
relatives act, interact, and sing, in New York, Venice, and
Paris. Vengeance about to be christened with a tiny bottle, their
feelings of patriotism inspire a change of mind. Vengeance, the
Navy's newest aircraft carrier. Vengefully she plans to send it
to Sir Robert misconstrued as a love letter addressed to the
dandified lord. Venice gets an idea, hiring a penniless fellow,
Guy Bryson, to pretend to be a gigolo and spread word of Venice's
effect on men. Venturing out to do some independent research,
Bertram becomes interested in the slang vocabulary of saucy
nightclub performer "Sugarpuss" O'Shea (Barbara Stanwyck). Vera
has her daughter declared mentally unbalanced and swears out a
warrant for her arrest. Verona De Tessant (Maya Rudolph) and Burt
Farlander (John Krasinski) are in their early thirties and
struggling to meet daily needs and build fulfilling lives. Verona
and Burt are happy to have found a loving family and a nice town
and decide to move to Montreal. Veronica Fisher (Judy Garland)
enters Oberkugen's music shop, looking for work. Veronica gets
involved in the fight and is arrested in a police raid. Veronica
motivates him to return to school, while his grade school
classmates convince Max to retract his bribery accusations.
Veronica saves Jimmy's job by insisting that the manager assign
him to be her personal attendant while she is in New York.
Veronica won't be easy. Verónica soon falls for Carmelo, and
leaves her fiance for her "gay" boy friend, who then reveals his
real orientation. Veslovsky immediately goes to stay with Anna
and Vronsky at their nearby estate. Via flashback, we see her,
barefoot and in ermine, present herself to the duke and accompany
him into his tent. Via flashbacks and reminiscent musings, Anna
Reilly (Jenna Elfman) is introduced: she met Jake and Brian in
middle school, after beating up a bully who was picking on them.
Vic agrees to the robbery scheme, and goes to the armored courier
service posing as a potential customer. Vic becomes locked in the
vault, while the fake cousin takes a bag of cash and makes his
escape from the scene. Vic can now afford to keep his elderly
aunt in her retirement home. Vic finally experiences a bit of
good luck for once in his life. Vic is too stubbornly proud to
accept a loan from his bar-owner girlfriend Sally (Cyndi Lauper),
who offers Vic money that she was otherwise planning to use to
renovate and remodel her neighborhood bar. Vice Squad Sergeant
Sam Hanlon (Herb Vigran) brings seventeen-year-old Susan Landis
(Reynolds) to Mark's luxurious apartment. Vicki is happy, too,
momentarily, coming home with an offer that could advance her
career, only to learn that Charley's father has died and he is
needed on the other side of the country in Boston, where he is
now expected to run the family's business. Vicki puts her career
on hold and spends two years in Boston, enduring high society and
boring tea parties. Vicki responds to Charley's charm, however,
and obligingly offers to leave a window open at her home. Vicki
slides it onto her finger. Vickie gets to meet Larry's eccentric
family: great-aunt Kate (DeLuise in drag), who plans to leave all
her money to Larry; his uncle, Francis; and Larry's cousins,
Charles, Nora, Susan, and the cross-dressing Francis Jr. Vickie
thinks it is just pre-wedding jitters, but his affliction could
get them both fired. Vickie works as a sales associate for The
Gap, and is later promoted to manager and seems content with her
new job. Vicky (Rebecca Hall) and Cristina (Scarlett Johansson)
visit Barcelona for the summer, staying with Vicky's distant
relative Judy (Patricia Clarkson) and her husband Mark (Kevin
Dunn). Vicky accompanies him to visit his father, an old poet,
and then becomes deeply moved by a Spanish guitar performance
later that evening. Vicky agrees to help Charlie woo her mother
in exchange for lessons on card counting. Vicky and Juan Antonio
proceed to spend the weekend together alone while they wait for
Cristina to recuperate. Vicky gets shot in the hand in the
process, and leaves, shouting they are insane and she could never
live like this. Vicky gradually changes her opinion of Juan
Antonio as he tells her about his tumultuous relationship with
his former wife, María Elena (Penélope Cruz). Vicky starts
throwing herself into her studies while Cristina and Juan Antonio
take up a relationship. Victor "Vic" Kelly (Christopher Walken)
is a struggling auto mechanic with a safe-cracking past and a lot
of debt. Victor (Henshall) is an actor in London who is desperate
to stop his ex-girlfriend, Sylvia (Headey), to whom he was
unfaithful, from marrying another man. Victor (Joseph Bologna),
Matthew's colleague and best friend, who is going through a
divorce, is father to 17-year-old Jennifer (Michelle Johnson).
Victor Ballard (Fred MacMurray) is a poor but happy-go-lucky New
York sidewalk photographer who shares a studio apartment with a
painter from Poland, Stefan Janowski (Akim Tamiroff). Victor and
Rodrigo get closer to the stage, causing the girls to run off
mid-performance. Victor and Rodrigo spot them and the girls run
on stage where Sheila is performing and dance to singer Christina
Vidal's song, Dejaré, regardless of their mixed dance
backgrounds. Victor asks for another 60,000 francs and promises
to repay everything at 6 o'clock that evening. Victor becomes
furious and sets out to hunt down the mystery man, expecting
Matthew to help. Victor coerces Alexis into posing as a Russian
nobleman, Prince Alexis Paneiev, and wooing heiress Laura
Ridgeway (Loretta Young), the daughter of an old friend of
Victor's, so that Victor can get his hands on the girl's money.
Victor comes to, calls Rodrigo and they plan to catch the girls
at the festival. Victor has his lawyer Monnet present Alexis with
a contract, asking for half a million dollars from Laura's father
before the wedding, and the same amount after, as well as various
sums for any children. Victor is not as angry as Matthew expects,
because it is revealed that Victor had been having an affair with
Karen. Victor is unmoved by the romance of Italy and uses his
time to research his soon-to-open restaurant, often neglecting
Sophie. Victor manages it so that Alexis dances with Laura.
Victor manages to soothe his outraged honor and obtain his
silence for 50,000 francs. Victor risks the 60,000 francs at
baccarat and wins 420,000 more. Victor seemingly has the money he
needs, but then Brown confesses he is penniless. Victor won't
grant a quick marriage and equally quick divorce unless she
agrees to live with him for three more weeks. Victor's conducting
suffers in Dolly's absence and the orchestra needs her back.
Victor, however, apologizes for lying to her, and the two
reconcile while playing the piano together. Victoria goes to
George's apartment, where she meets her rival for his affections,
mrs Dezlow. Victoria tells her parents that Victor has been
forcibly wed to a dead woman, but they believe she has lost her
mind and lock her up in her bedroom. Victoria then sneaks into
the art museum and replaces one of the paintings with the one
George painted of her in a bathing suit. Victoria, now a widow,
is once again able to marry Victor. Vida (Tana Adelana), a friend
of Kimora and Paula, is married to Ranesh (Kofi Adjorlolo), a
59-year-old man who leaves her very unsatisfied in bed. Vienna
has become too dangerous for him, so he asks her to meet him in
Nice, but she hesitates. Vikki and Peter's relationship also
changes when she insults him for helping Catcher. Viktor
Navorski, a traveler from Krakozhia, arrives at New York's John
Kennedy International Airport, only to find that his passport is
suddenly no longer valid due to the sudden outbreak of a civil
war in his homeland. Viktor reveals that the can contains not
only a copy of the portrait, but the autographs of all the
musicians his father received, but one - tenor saxophonist Benny
Golson. Viktor tries to patch things up with his girlfriend, but
as she is still a dove we are left to our own imagination about
how it will work out. Villains: In some versions, her father
plays an active role in the humiliation of his daughter; in
others, he is secondary to his new wife, Cinderella's stepmother;
in some versions, especially the popular Disney film,
Cinderella's father has died and Cinderella's mother has died
also. Vince is a ladies' man and a gambler, and owes money to a
debt collector known as "The Monkey" (real name is Eugene). Vince
realizes that this has gone too far and goes to see his father.
Vince then convinces Lester to stay for two more sessions, where
Lester continues to 'fight' Dashiell. Vince then reminds her of
all that's at stake and she reluctantly agrees to go through with
the wedding. Vince then reveals Lester's problems to the group,
but says that they are his own, even though Lester objects. Vince
then writes his wedding vows and gives them to the sister.
Vince's father pays him six-thousand dollars. Vince, ecstatic,
visits her in the hospital, but when he leaves to complete
paperwork, Nina and George remain alone with Molly. Vince, the
baby's father, wants to marry her, but his constant care drives
Nina crazy; she leaves him and asks George to help raise her
child. Vincent follows them to the rodeo, they spot him and hide
in a bull suit. Vincent is shocked when Claude arranges for a
multi-million-dollar tobacco account to come his way. Vincent
plants a bug at Meryl's office and in her assistant Jackie's
purse, hoping to gain information, which is eventually
successful. Vincent tries to attack the house but is accosted by
a bear, which gives the Morgans time to escape. Vinnie shoots
Gina in what appears to be an accident. Vinny lets his guard down
and speaks plainly about how he really just doesn't understand
the world of male and female relationships and how it all works.
Vinny, being a gentleman this time (in contrast with their past
times together) acts with reserve and respectfully takes her cue.
Viola Hastings (Amanda Bynes) is a teenage girl who plays for
Cornwall high school's soccer team until it gets cut. Viola
agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as
Sebastian, in hopes of joining their boys' team and beating
Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex-boyfriend, Justin
(Robert Hoffman), wrong. Viola and Shakespeare say their
goodbyes, and he vows to immortalise her, as he imagines the
beginnings of Twelfth Night, imagining her as a castaway
disguised as a man after a voyage to a strange land. Viola
counters stating Gertrude "smothered him to death", because she
thought nobody was ever good enough for him (basically similar to
how Viola is). Viola de Lesseps, the daughter of a wealthy
merchant, who has seen Shakespeare's plays at court, disguises
herself as "Thomas Kent" to audition, then runs away. Viola finds
out that Will is still alive, and declares her love for him.
Viola has an epiphany and realizes that she wants Charlie to
stay, and they reconcile, which ends the feud. Viola is a former
newscaster, who has recently been replaced by someone younger,
and is in the midst of a meltdown. Viola is appalled when she
learns Shakespeare is married, albeit separated from his wife,
and she realises she cannot escape her duty to marry Wessex.
Viola is delighted as she secretly feels the same way. Viola is
miffed that Charlie compared her to Gertrude, although Ruby
points out that Viola is actually far worse than Gertrude, as she
doesn't ever recall Gertrude trying to poison Viola once,
referring to earlier at the rehearsal dinner when Viola put
crushed nuts (which Charlie is highly allergic to) in the meal's
gravy. Viola oversleeps and misses the first half of the game,
while the real Sebastian is mistaken for "Sebastian" and winds up
poorly playing his sister's game instead. Viola's identity is
exposed, leaving them without a stage or lead actor, until
Richard Burbage offers them his theatre. Viola, who is unaware of
Olivia's true intentions, is enraged instead because Duke has now
abandoned his interest in Viola. Violet (Cohn) is forty,
fabulous, and the ultimate fag hag. Violet allows Tom to choose
between various options for the officiant, clothing and music,
and they finally get married. Violet then proposes to Tom,
stating they'll always have problems together, but that it
shouldn't stop them from getting married. Violet visits Tom at
the hospital, before they call off their engagement once they
arrive home. Virginia Mason (Anne Baxter) and George (Macdonald
Carey), husband and wife from Mellford, Illinois, are passengers
on an airliner for a second honeymoon in Hawaii. Virginia first
concocts a scheme to have Kenneth sign five checks for household
expenses at once using a mechanical device, one ofJ. Virginia has
the same general idea. Virginia mulls over several potential
revenges in her mind, casting herself as various famous women of
history. Virginia spots him and goes after him in a rowboat; she
falls into the water and is swept over the edge of the large
waterfall. Virginia tries to stop him by dousing him with a
bucket of water thatJ. Viscount Mabrey reveals his nephew, Lord
Devereaux, is another heir to the Genovian throne. Visibly upset,
Ruth states that Tom is in Bill's will. Visiting the soap factory
one day, Beauregard finally explains to Waters that his ultimate
goal is, first, to break Waters by winning $40 million - the
entire worth of Milady Soap - and thus drive Waters into
bankruptcy. Vito is arrested for ordering Michael's execution.
Vittorio asks "where. Vittorio is struck by her humor and
honesty. Vivacious Lady is a story of love at first sight between
a young botany professor named Peter Morgan Jr. Vivian breaks her
"no kissing on the mouth" rule (which her friend Kit taught her),
and he offers to put her up in an apartment so she can be off the
streets. Vivian charges Lewis $20 for the ride, and they
separate. Vivian has a nasty confrontation with Regi at the
hotel. Vivian is moved to tears by the story of the prostitute
who falls in love with a rich man; after the opera, they appear
to have fallen in love. Vivian promptly quits the band out of
jealousy, and Karen stages an elaborate ice show as a substitute.
Vivian's straightforward personality is rubbing off on Edward,
and he finds himself acting in unaccustomed ways. Vizzini dies.
Vladimir Ivanoff, a saxophonist with the Moscow circus, lives in
a crowded apartment with his extended family. Vladimir attempts
to find work despite speaking little English and fearing the
threat of his former KGB handlers. Vladimir encounters his former
KGB handler, who is now a street vendor selling hotdogs. Vladimir
is left with nothing but the clothes on his back, the money in
his pocket, and a pair of blue jeans he had planned to buy for
his girlfriend in Moscow. Vladimir soon gets a job in a
nightclub, where he once again plays saxophone. Vladimir starts a
relationship with Lucia. Vlatko gives Bryan his blessing to marry
Masha for real, but he declines despite his feelings for her. Von
Luber becomes suspicious due to O'Hara's persistent questioning.
Von Luber is arrested on suspicion but warns his young bride not
to worry because no one will be able to bear witness against him.
Von Luber is arrested, and Pat and Katie sneak away. Von Zipper
and his gang plot to bring down Sutwell, only to be thwarted in
the end by the surfing teenagers. Vronsky begs her not to go, but
he is unable to bring himself to explain to her why she cannot
attend. Vronsky continues to pursue Anna. Vronsky has been paying
her considerable attention, and she expects to dance with him at
a ball that evening. Vronsky has regarded his interactions with
Kitty merely as a source of amusement and assumes that Kitty has
acted for the same reasons. Vronsky makes an emotional request to
Dolly, asking her to convince Anna to divorce Karenin so that the
two might marry and live normally. Vronsky travels on the same
train. Vronsky, a keen horseman, takes part in a steeplechase
event, during which he rides his mare Frou-Frou too hard—his
irresponsibility causing her to fall and break her back. Vronsky,
however, is infatuated with her. Vronsky, who believed that being
with Anna was the key to his happiness, finds himself
increasingly bored and unsatisfied. Víctor Martínez (Santi
Millán) is a shy 36-year-old man working as an usher at a movie
theater. Wage a sustained campaign against ugliness Rule 6
Abandon the pursuit of happiness and its false promise Rule 7
Show compassion, except to pirates Rule 8 Less TV Rule 9 Always
be willing to admit when you're wrong. Wai-Tung Gao and Simon are
a happy gay couple living in Manhattan. Wai-Tung dares not tell
his parents the truth, because his father, a retired officer in
the Chinese Nationalist Army, has just recovered from a stroke.
Wai-Tung is in his late 20s, so his tradition-minded parents are
eager to see him get married and have a child in order to
continue the family line. Waitress Betty O'Shale mistakes her as
"caveless", and offers to share her apartment, and gets her a
job. Waitress-turned-Broadway star Mabel O'Dare (Marion Davies)
and garage-mechanic-turned-prize fighter Larry Cain (Clark Gable)
dislike each other intensely, but press agent Aloysius Reilly
(Roscoe Karns) cooks up a phony romance between them for
publicity. Waking up with Colin the next morning, Ally gets a
call from an old boyfriend (Aziz Ansari) telling her that they in
fact did not sleep together. Waldo (Clark) comes down with the
measles and has to stay in the lodge until cured. Walken has a
scene where he is able to perform his trademark tango routine.
Walker turns them in and Sue gets put into welfare. Walker's
ability to shed a single tear drives all the girls wild. Walker)
shows up. Walking alone, she runs into David, who shows her a
private view of the Rockefeller Christmas tree. Walking back,
they pass by Rodney, who is quick to belittle Izzy and begin to
get violent. Walking by the Seine at midnight, Gil bumps into
Gabrielle and, after it starts to rain, he offers to walk her
home and they learn that they share the love of Paris in the
rain. Wallace (Dennis Quaid) and Wilder Foudroyant (Arliss
Howard) are brothers and pyrokinetics. Wallace finally admits
that he loves Jennifer, and they elope. Wally Butler later
invites Barney to his new inn, secretly gives him a contribution
check for his campaign, and invites him in to talk to a TV news
reporter about his discovery. Wally and Wilder fight it out, with
Wally setting the trailer ablaze. Wally goads him into fighting
for Vida, and their climactic fight sets half the carnival's
rides ablaze. Wally insists Sheila is his fiancee, and she does
not believe Bill's claim that Adele is merely his cousin, so the
couple break up. Walter Braddock (Telly Savalas). Walter Burns
(Cary Grant) is a hard-boiled editor for The Morning Post who
learns his ex-wife and former star reporter, Hildegard "Hildy"
Johnson (Rosalind Russell), is about to marry bland insurance man
Bruce Baldwin (Ralph Bellamy) and settle down to a quiet life as
a wife and mother in Albany, New York. Walter Senior quickly
recovers when he see Crawl atop him, but Walter Junior says Crawl
has earned his trust for aiding his father. Walter admits that
Kat is capable of taking care of herself, and gives her
permission to attend Sarah Lawrence College. Walter and Hildy
find out in time to save Williams from the gallows and they use
the information to blackmail the mayor and sheriff into dropping
Walter's arrest for kidnapping. Walter claims that Whitman is
still alive and he will recover from his wound. Walter determines
to sabotage these plans, enticing the reluctant Hildy to cover
one last story, the upcoming execution of convicted murderer Earl
Williams (John Qualen). Walter does everything he can to keep
Hildy from leaving, including setting Bruce up so he gets
arrested over and over again on trumped-up charges. Walter finds
a ride from a ride share board to make the trip. Walter
immediately fires Theo. Walter inexplicably fails to come back
the next day to get Sue-Lin, leaving her with Mike. Walter is a
non-commissioned officer of the Navy, while Raf is a ship's cook;
they become great friends but unfortunately they fall in love,
without knowing it, with the same girl, Sonia, who clearly
prefers the most brilliant Walter. Walter suggests to Wilimena
that Wesley and Lindsey are having an affair. Walter takes the
Sure Thing to Lance's room, but cannot stop thinking about
Alison. Walter then goes on to become the new Director of Music,
integrating his own music into the opera, turning them into
musicals. Wandering around the city the two find a psychic who is
still open. Wandering despondently, Gladys' attention is caught
by a large billboard overlooking Columbus Circle with the notice,
"This space for rent. Wang Biyun was 18. Wanting Joan for
himself, he has her bailed out and tells her the truth about Jim.
Wanting a great story Kevin's boss Larry Stone, a tabloid news
junkie, manages to contact Minelli and trades knowledge of
Blankman's love for Kimberly in exchange for an exclusive
interview. Wanting them to blend in to their surroundings,
Valerie takes them to her friend Candy Pink at the salon. Wanting
to avoid complications, Jerry slips into Lucy's bedroom, too.
Wanting to eliminate competition, Sharpay investigates the new
girl and has the scholastic decathlon captain, Taylor McKessie
(Monique Coleman), find out about Gabriella's past academic
achievements, which results in Taylor and Gabriella becoming
great friends. Wanting to get back at the schemers, Troy visits
Tiffani and Kyle because supposedly they have an "arrangement"
that lets Kyle sleep with men. Wanting to help the army drummer,
the woman sends one of his waltzes to the Austrian Emperor with
his weekly order of pastries, which leads to the tuneful and
joyous fulfillment of the gypsy's prediction. Wanting to observe
the encounter for scientific reasons, Jo arrives at the nightclub
with her stuffy surgeon boyfriend, dr Richard Field (Robert
Shayne). Wanting to reunite with Victoria, Victor tricks Emily
into taking him back to the Land of the Living by pretending he
wants her to meet his parents. Wanting to show him that she is
recovering from her disability, Leslie attempts to walk across
the room to him, and just as she falls, he catches her in his
arms. Wanting to spare Phil any more pain and protect herself,
she tells him, yes, it is his baby. Warned that Chick thinks
she's betrayed him, she goes to the prison to try to reassure
him. Warren Haggerty (Spencer Tracy), the managing editor, turns
in desperation to former reporter and suave ladies' man Bill
Chandler (William Powell) for help. Washington also lets Darrin
borrow three convicts who can sing. Watching from the sidelines
are Philip's financial manager, Roger, who sees a therapist
because he feels guilty about helping his boss with his numerous
conquests, and Cathy's roommate, Connie Emerson, who knows what
Philip is after. Watching the news report about the Naked Mile
back at home, Tracy is upset and feels guilty that she allowed
Erik the free pass. Waters also appears, with gifts for
Beauregard. Waters decides to rent the Hollywood Bowl for the
final question of the final show. Waters disapproves of
Beauregard's humour and turns him down for the job, humiliating
him in the process. Waters faints, and Bottomley is to return
next week. Waters rejoices as the studio audience groans, and
Beauregard wanders into the wings, apparently defeated. Watson
accepts him anyway. Watson has been involved for seven years with
rising network executive Mike Cutler (Gig Young), with no
marriage in sight. Wattles suggests that Joe be "caught" with
another woman. Wayne Carter (Lowell Sherman) is a New York
playboy, who pays no attention to the marital status of his many
dalliances. Wayne Dobie (De Niro) is a shy Chicago Police
Department crime scene photographer who has spent years on the
job without ever drawing his gun; his colleagues jokingly call
him "Mad Dog". Wayne andD. Wayne appears and tells Connor that
this is his future if he continues on the same path, pushing him
into the grave to be buried by his many ex-girlfriends. Wayne
informs Connor that, over the course of the evening, he will be
visited by three ghosts who will lead him through his romantic
past, present, and future. Wayne is left with the ghost of
girlfriends past, Allison, who is not interested since she is
only 16. Wayne says that they are ghosts and therefore ageless.
Wayne tells Les Kendall (Scott's coach, Doug and Shirley's friend
and one of the judges) who then confronts Fife about it. We are
left to assume that all live happily ever after. We are then led
to believe that he is talking about Ramona. We attend one of his
teachings, which involve a lot of acronyms and plays on words in
a PowerPoint slide show (ie, "guru" meaning "gee, you are you"
and going from "Nowhere to Now Here"). We find out Cash is a
guardian angel. We find out the cousin is not really a cousin. We
next see him living with Orlinda and Paulo some years later with
two babies and Bichero as his servant. We see Jed undertaking the
on-stage interview with Thierry Grimandi, for which he has been
preparing and only then does he begin to understand his own
feelings as he listens to the film director's pontifications. We
see Nuke one last time, being interviewed by the press as a major
leaguer, reciting the clichéd answers that Crash had taught him
earlier. We then go back in time, where Judith and her childhood
sweetheart Brice are growing up through the years together, as
soulmates. We then see Celeste and Jesse finally signing their
divorce papers and laughing at each other's inside jokes. We then
see Charlie and Rob in their film-201 classroom where Charlie
fantasizes about Juliet, the girl who sits across from him.
Wealthy Alice Bond (Rosemary Lane), dissatisfied with her
dishwater-dull fiance Marshall Winkler (John Eldredge), throws
him over in favor of Michael Stevens (George Reeves). Wealthy
American businessman Robert Talbot (Rock Hudson) owns a villa on
the Ligurian coast, where he and his Roman mistress Lisa Fellini
(Gina Lollobrigida) spend September of each year. Wealthy Connie
Allenbury (Myrna Loy) is falsely accused of breaking up a
marriage and sues the New York Evening Star newspaper for
$5,000,000 for libel. Wealthy French playboy Toto Duryea (Frank
Fay) is irresistible to women, but is in love with none of them.
Wealthy businessman William "Will" Van Luyn (Conrad Nagel)
proposes to his secretary, Joan Thayer (Leila Hyams). Wealthy
businessman and single parent Sir Michael Carr (Michael Redgrave)
does not know how to deal with his daughter Tansy (Juliet Mills),
at that awkward age between teenager and adult. Wealthy murder
mystery writer Paula Bradford (Jean Arthur) returns from her
worldwide travels to see her former husband, surgeon dr Lawrence
"Brad" Bradford (William Powell). Wealthy publisher Anthony Mason
(Ronald Colman) weds ditsy socialite Caroline (Anna Lee) who sees
nothing wrong with chasing men even after her marriage. Weary and
tired of Terry's ever-shifting moods, Denny storms out of her
house; the separation is only temporary, though, as the two
reconcile a short while later. Webster offers to take Gabriel to
Catalina Island for an underwear ad shoot, sparking Billy's
jealousy. Wechsberg then invites her to come with him the next
night when he works at an upscale social gathering at the Savoy
Ritz. Weebe sells an elixir that purports to turn the user into a
peppy, fit-as-a-fiddle specimen, and upon noticing the entire
family's strength in the water, suggests that they all attempt to
swim the English Channel. Weeks afterward, as the physical
similarity grows, Isolde becomes suspicious. Welbach has a
girlfriend, Samantha, with whom he argues constantly and who
leaves Jerry prior to the trip over his lack of commitment to
their relationship. Well, I don't think the average American girl
should do. Well, when the phone rings during Edy's toast, he
stops to answer the call, and having broken the last straw, Anna
proclaims that she is divorcing Edy. Wen Jiajia is pregnant with
the child of her boyfriend, a tycoon in Beijing who is already
married and is under criminal investigation. Wendell and Pamela
part, with a vow to return next year, just as their parents did.
Wendell suspects Pamela, who has expressed a wish that they be
buried in Ischia; however, it is revealed that the actual
bodysnatchers are the Trotta family, whose vineyard was damaged
when the elder Armbruster's car drove into it during the fatal
automobile accident. Wendell, a neurotic, aimless
twentysomething, struggles to figure out which girl he really
belongs with: Joanna, the best girl he's ever known, or Vicky,
the worst. Wendy (Jennylyn Mercado) is a woman who goes to the
United States to meet her biological father. Wendy and Sean
initially have a cat-dog relationship but they eventually warm up
to each other. Wendy decides to help Matthew in his quest to find
his mystery maiden, hoping that, in the process, she may find one
of her own, as she is a closeted lesbian. Wendy flirts and dances
with Tom, who escapes through a bathroom window when he realizes
she wants to have sex with him. Wes and Alison immediately had a
great connection that developed further as they shared various
joys and laughter of their lives. Wes feels awkward at the
situation too. Wesley admits he is engaged, and Lindsey leaves.
Wesley also reveals he is quitting and traveling to see his old
friends. Wesley and Lindsey kiss, while Ariel looks on happily.
Wesley and Natalie realize that, although they love each other,
their marriage would not be happy because they are only together
for their parents. Wesley and Walter find Ariel. Wesley boards
his plane. Wesley owns the boat, so Ross thereby loses it. Wesley
sees them and decides to watch over them until Lindsey’s
“boyfriend” comes for them. Wesley struggles to expand the
business while watching over Walter and developing a more complex
love life with Natalie. Wesley takes Lindsey and Ariel out for
pizza; the trio bonds. Wesley tells Lindsey he is going to
Nigeria and invites Lindsey and Ariel along. Wesley visits
Lindsey that night, but she rejects him. Wessex also asks Will's
name, to which he replies that he is Christopher Marlowe. West is
for couples and uses the tagline "Stay Together". Westley arrives
for his wedding via autogyro but at the wedding ceremony, mr
Andrews reveals Peter's refusal of the reward money to Ellie,
sends her to Peter, and pays Westley off. Westley became the
Dread Pirate Roberts' valet, and later his friend. Westley
devises a successful plan to invade the castle during the
wedding, and the commotion caused by this prompts Humperdinck to
cut the wedding short. Westley reaches Buttercup before she
commits suicide. Westley's death screams echo across the land,
drawing Inigo and Fezzik to the Zoo of Death and down through its
many dangerous levels. Westley's response to her demands is
always "As you wish". What I mind is the way you give the idea
you're sort of entitled". What I'm trying to say is, if you're
having problems figuring out where you stand, even if you're not
sure of what you're supposed to want-" Abruptly, however, before
Billy can finish, one of Gabriel's fellow male models walks up to
them. What Jo wants more than anything else in the world is to go
to Paris and attend the famous philosopher/professor Emile
Flostre's (Michel Auclair) lectures about empathicalism. What
Julie and R have between them has infected many others, causing
them to change. What Ounce finds most offensive are musical
comedy shows and the people who put them on, and it just so
happens that Matilda's daughter Barbara (Ruby Keeler) is a dancer
and singer in love with a struggling singer and songwriter, her
13th cousin, Jimmy Higgens (Dick Powell). What am I then. What
exactly happened during those six weeks is a blur, but everyone
in America who knew John thought he was wounded in battle. What
follows is a series of funny and touching scenes that show
viewers what "family" is really about. What happens next is a
realistic and simple love story that almost everyone can relate
to. What happens then is not seen but Chelsea goes back to
Logan's apartment after being there. What he thought would be a
romantic occasion is actually a dinner party where none of the
guests is speaking, or can speak, English. What her director and
fellow cast members don't realize is there's a method to her
seeming madness - Julia has planned her sweet revenge for the
opening night performance, during which she successfully affirms
her position as London theatre's foremost diva by upstaging every
aspect of her performance. What is more, Charlotte's father dies
and she decides to quit the band. What our heroes are unaware of
is that its entry in the book was not an accident and that
changes in the stories are actually part of a ruthless pirate
Bluebeard's plan to conquer the world of tales. What remains to
be seen is if he can overcome family objections to religious
differences and if he's willing to accept Pearl's daughters: the
lonely, overweight Bibby and the pretty but psychologically
unstable Norma who dresses up as celebrities to escape the grief
that has overwhelmed her since the death of her husband and one
of their children. What results is a series of misunderstandings
and mishaps. What she does not know is that Gus trafficks in
prostitution and runs a counterfeiting ring to help finance her
expensive diamonds. What she doesn't know, because she and her
employer have never met, is that the apartment is Tom's. What
started as a small event starts to get out of hand, when the
story hits the Internet. What the bride doesn't know is that her
parents are about to get a divorce. Whatever his personal
feelings toward Wade, he expresses this to his staff, especially
the pragmaticJ, as a sound political move. When "Harry Mann"
cannot be found, Don offers to take his place. When "Sebastian"
returns to their room, the two have an argument and Duke kicks
him out. When 'Fearless' asks what they are going to do for
money, Chuck springs another 'great idea' and the film ends with
the four of them again doing a carnival act, this time sawing a
woman (Julia) in half. When 'the-father-of-the-bride' is called
upon to make a toast, Brian rises and begins to speak but Harvey
interrupts claiming his right as her biological father. When Abby
leaves for the airport, Alfie is bed-ridden due to back pains.
When Adam arrives at work, he learns that he has been assigned to
prosecute the case. When Adam is first shown on television, he is
an instant hit, and he starts to become famous from it. When
Adrian reveals he is very fond of Mary Jarrow, Arthur invites him
to supper, as Mary will be there. When Agnès congratulates Alain
she says "may you have more days like this", which he takes as a
dark omen. When Akeem randomly donates their travel money to the
homeless Randolph and Mortimer Duke (characters in the previous
Eddie Murphy film Trading Places), Semmi transmits a plea to the
King of Zamunda for financial help. When Akpors accompanies
Richard to collect a portraiture gift for Kimberly and waits
outside, Akpors disappears before he comes out, having strolled
into a gang of street gamblers. When Alan explains that he wanted
batteries for his electric razor, Basil tries to save the
situation. When Albert sees a young woman named Blake Chandler
(Sharon Stone) working at a hot dog stand, he takes her home and
casts her in his next movie, which becomes a moderate success.
When Albert suffers from writer's block about the romance, Lucy
aids him with her writing skills. When Aldous realizes Sarah is
clearly putting on a performance to provoke a reaction from
Peter, he stops the sex and tells her the trip was a mistake as
she's clearly not over Peter. When Alex's boyfriend dumps her for
refusing his sexual advances, Nick consoles her and is able to
restore their relationship. When Alfie comments on Claire's
perfume, she reveals her true feelings for him by suddenly
entering his bed and taking her top off. When Alfie gets his
wish, he can't perform and leaves her apartment in anger. When
Alfred visits her, she gets upset, thinking he just wants her to
return to work, but then she realizes he's come to comfort her,
and the two embrace. When Alison goes into labor and is unable to
contact her doctor, she calls Ben, as Debbie and Pete are at
Legoland. When Alvy accepts an offer to present an award on
television, they fly out to Los Angeles, with Alvy's friend, Rob
(Tony Roberts). When Amanda hears this, she seeks out Doris and
becomes her defense lawyer. When Amelia learns that Dusty
"borrowed" her check, and how that must have looked to Tony, she
demands that Dusty explain to Tony what had been going on. When
Anabel's best friend Julie (Diana Lynn) warns Madison, he begins
to worry, knowing something of Roger's success with women. When
Andy discovers the hooker is a male transvestite, he confronts
his friends and tells them that he will manage a date with a
woman on his own. When Andy is with his parents visiting the
country club, he finds out there is a telegram, sent by Kay, that
is supposed to be delivered to him at his parents house. When
Andy rushes there unannounced to apply for the vacancy, Betsy
runs out of gasoline after patiently circling the congested
streets for hours waiting for him to come out afterwards. When
Anna and Vronsky continue seeing each other, Karenin consults
with a lawyer about obtaining a divorce. When Anna is recognized
by tourists, she and Ben flee. When Anni first arrives, she meets
Giulio (Franchot Tone), a philosophical postal clerk who has no
desire for wealth. When Annie starts thinking about closing down
the First Wives Club, her friends come back, saying that they
want to see this to the end and Bill hasn't done anything
blatantly wrong, but only as far as he knows. When Anthony comes
down the girls lie and say Misty is a girl Megan was mentoring at
the seminar. When Art proposes Gene to leave town, Gene tells him
to go ahead with the wedding and threatens to break one bone for
each tear Betty cries. When Ashley climbs down to him, Lube tells
her how he really feels about her, moving her to tears. When
Ashley seems impressed by his new look and attitude, Britney is
overjoyed but causes Mike to crash into a clothing rack on his
way out of the store because she squeals into her microphone.
When Austin comes into the diner one day, Sam is forced to help
him and, after a talk, she attempts to reveal her identity to
him, but is cut off by Fiona. When Ava decides to send her
parents to another therapist, the therapist suggests doing a rock
climbing exercise to help build trust. When Ava gets home that
night, she discovers that Charlie has left, leaving a note saying
that he’s at Gerber’s. When Ava tries to apologize, Charlie warns
her that her distracted behavior is causing an increasing gulf
between them. When Ava’s sister Shelby (Jessica Szohr) takes
Betty speed dating, Bradley is back at home with Ava when he
takes a few sleeping pills and falls asleep. When Barbara finds
Catcher/Zip at a party he is almost caught out, and decides it is
time to take everything to the next level: he tells Barbara that
Catcher Block wants to interview him for an exposé on the NASA
space program and asks her to accompany him. When Barbara learns
of this from the radio, she has her hairdresser Mabel dye her
hair blonde. When Barney protests that Fred would do no such
thing, and that Fred would not even be able to crack his own
knuckles without help, Chip accuses Barney of being Fred's
accomplice and has him arrested, as well. When Barney tries to
keep Fred from high-stakes poker, Chip sends Roxie to seduce
Barney for an escort to an all-you-can-eat buffet. When Bart
tells her he is Art, that he fell in love when he saw her in the
shower and tries to kiss her, Liz thinks Art is trying to make a
pass at her, not realizing Bart doesn't exist. When Basil's
boorish behavior fails to bother Marcia, who is all-too-willing
to submit to his charms, he begins to capitalize on her
infatuation with him, much to Joyce's dismay. When Bates finds
out, he quits and promises to make the first girl he sees into a
bigger sensation to eclipse his treacherous girlfriend. When
Beca's father discovers she has not been attending classes, he
comes to her with a proposition: if she joins a club and still
does not want to remain at college after one year, he will allow
her to leave college, and he will pay for Beca to move to Los
Angeles to pursue her music career. When Beery climbs up to
reclaim Leahy, Keaton dispatches Leahy's cronies and finally
defeats him. When Belle catches him in a lie, she tells him that
she loves him, but if he cheats on her once more, she will leave
him. When Belle unexpectedly goes to his dressing room, she finds
a woman hiding there. When Big Frank arrives in Lauderdale to
spring Valerie from jail, he is angry with Rusty at first. When
Big Sid and a member of the gin team playing against Brody's team
are overcome by the heat, Jeffrey fills in, opposing Brody, and
seeking to help win back the unfair profits Brody won from his
friends over the course of the Summer. When Bill does so, he
knocks over the wrong policeman. When Bill reads the note he
immediately goes to New York to reconcile with his love and tell
her the truth. When Bill shows up, however, Maisie rushes off
with him to the courthouse, where husband and wife are reunited
and everything is sorted out. When Bill telephones Maisie, she
strongly urges him to come to Reno before it is too late. When
Billie's ignorance becomes a liability to Brock's business
dealings, he hires a journalist, Paul Verrall, to educate his
girlfriend. When Billy begs his father to reconsider his
decision, Brian reveals that he secretly bribed Billy's school
teachers to give him passing grades. When Blackie shows up while
tracking Freddie down, complications ensue. When Blane arrives,
Duckie is upset and starts an argument with Andie, with Duckie
trying to convince her that Blane will only hurt her. When Bobbie
arrives, Connie is shocked to see that she is a stunning former
WAC named Roberta Stevens (Marilyn Monroe). When Boris, the
apparatchik assigned to the circus, criticizes Vladimir for being
late to rehearsal and suggests Vladimir may miss the approaching
trip to New York, Vladimir gives Boris a pair of shoes from the
queue that made Vladimir late. When Bottom returns for his next
lines, the other workmen run screaming in terror: They claim that
they are haunted, much to Bottom's confusion. When Brad opens the
door, North's body falls in. When Braddock is compelled to take a
rest, Kitty takes charge of the plant. When Breezy gets his wish
to join the United States Army Air Forces, he asks Maisie to look
after Iris while he is away being trained. When Brian is invited
to a New Yorker ceremony to receive an award for one of his short
stories, he is joined by Arielle, Valery, Jane, and his parents.
When Brick finds a condom Tonya had brought on the unmade,
wrecked bed, he assumes that Bryan had attempted to take Masha's
virginity and hits him. When Brooke shows up the next morning, he
is flabbergasted to find she is a houseguest. When Bruno receives
the bill, he goes to the theatre to investigate. When Burt takes
a call and displays his trademark humor, Grace tells Verona that
she is lucky to have him and Verona agrees. When Buster rushes to
a drug store to get medical supplies to revive her, Harold
returns and takes credit for the rescue. When Butch confesses the
truth to Jonathan, however, the tables are turned. When Byron
(George) hits the big time, no one is happier than his girlfriend
Tiffany (Lewis) - that is, until she catches him flirting with
his sly new project manager Carla (Kellita Smith). When Cameron
asks Bianca out, she informs him of her father's new rule and, as
a pretense for allowing her to date Joey, suggests that Cameron
find someone willing to date Kat. When Camille goes round next
day to apologise to Sonia, the two women begin to form a rapport.
When Candy and Randy, celebrated Californian self-help gurus,
come to London to launch their bestselling book ‘Are You Ready
For Love. When Carl finally shows up, he is a little jealous that
they were having dinner together, and have a fight. When Carl
returns to work, at Molly's father's Thompson Land Development,
he is surprised to find that mr Thompson has promoted him to be
in charge of a design he proposed, though it had been altered
somewhat. When Carla meets another mentally disabled student,
Daniel McMann (Giovanni Ribisi), they become friends and soon
fall in love. When Carol learns that the book's author, Anthony
Street, may be the man to play his own hero, she searches him out
and discovers that he is actually Professor Michael Cobb (Willard
Parker) of Buxton College. When Carol tries to trick Michael into
going to Hollywood while she takes refuge at her father's house
in Washington,C, Michael outsmarts her, follows her home and
announces their engagement. When Caroline realizes that Steve is
hiding in her closet, spying on her, she commands Willis' Great
Dane, Duke, to guard the closet door, while reminding Steve that
unless he is in his room in five minutes, he will be expelled for
breaking curfew. When Carr has to go on a business trip to New
York, he sends Tansy along with General Barclay on his fishing
vacation in Scotland. When Carr realises his daughter is missing,
he finds some photographs of Cornelius, assumes the worst, and
gets the police to initiate a nationwide manhunt. When Carrie
asks him why a black diamond, he says, "Because you're not like
anyone else", echoing Aidan's earlier comment. When Carrie
returns home, she finds the bedroom television removed and Big
gone. When Carvel teenager and new tow truck-owner Andy Hardy is
stopped by a policeman for driving without a license plate, a
radio report implicates him in stealing the car he is towing.
When Catherine Terris's (Virginia Mayo) career in Hollywood hits
the skids, she heads back to the site of her first great
triumphs. When Cecil has a fight with her boyfriend later that
night, Eliot offers to put her up for the night. When Celine
introduces herself, Robert decides to kidnap her. When Char
returns to Kyrria, a three-night homecoming ball is held in his
honor. When Charles Gaerste (Henry Stephenson), a nationally
known coal tycoon and the main customer of the Legendres'
company, visits the city, Lil thinks she has found a way to force
her way into the highest social circles. When Charles asks why
Fiona is not married, she confesses that she has loved Charles
since they first met years earlier. When Charlie and Bradley meet
up with Gerber at a bar, the trio winds up at a strip club and
spend the night becoming incredibly intoxicated. When Charlie
hears Gerber talk to his wife in Polish, and asks him about it,
Gerber says that if you love someone and want to live a
successful married life, you have to accept and respect their
family as well. When Charlie reveals the Kid's scheme through a
phone conversation with Moose Moran, the Kid's accomplices become
angry, but he manages to slip away. When Chris eventually makes
it to New York the evening after, Worth and other people get
suspicious of his interest in "Mrs. When Christiane dumps him and
disappears as quickly as she dropped in, Dustin embarks on an
obsessive search in Southern California to find her. When
Christina and Courtney finally get to Somerset, Christina begins
having second thoughts after visiting a store to replace their
wet and ruined clothing only to come out in extremely gaudy,
indiscreet outfits, but a series of coincidences gives her a
change of heart and they go to Peter's brother's wedding. When
Christy knocks on Peter's apartment door, she is surprised by his
good looks and impulsively swoons in his arms. When Chuck brings
the next 'great idea', wrestling a live octopus, 'Fearless'
finally balks and wants to go back to the states. When Claire
arrives in New Orleans for the first time in her life she has a
strong ambition to become Mrs Charles Giraud - a very rich and
renowned banker. When Claire demands that he pursue a more
realistic goal than following his dreams, Johnny's uncle Terry
attempts to tempt him away from the relationship with a decadent
party. When Connie asks Carl to see Steve by himself, the lawyer
realizes he has no chance and gives up. When Connie finds out
about the new arrangement, she orders them both to leave, but she
is forced to relent because she has already spent the men's rent.
When Connie realizes who it must have come from, she finds the
almost-broke Steve in Central Park, gives him a tie (originally
intended for Carl), and offers to reimburse him for the expensive
present. When Connie returns the train the next day, Steve tells
her of his suspicions and that he should report her to the store
detective, which would lead to her firing. When Connor's parents
died in a car accident, Jenny consoles Connor throughout the
years without them, as she, his brother Paul and his uncle Wayne
were all he had left. When Corky gets drunk (with Spiggins) and a
storm comes up, Tony has to get Jo to help him sail the boat.
When Cornelius wakes up, he discovers he is wanted by the police.
When Craig arrives to free her, Megan reveals her engagement as
well as the fact that she bought alcohol for his daughter. When
Cristina describes her new life with Juan Antonio to Vicky, Vicky
becomes secretly jealous, and after a few other awkward moments,
she realizes she is unsatisfied in her married life and is still
attracted to Juan Antonio. When Crystal removes the cover, she
sees that the bacon has been arranged to spell the word "LOVE".
When Cynthia introduces herself to company co-owner John
Pritchard (Dick Haymes), he tells her he thought all expert
typists were male and his policy is to hire only men. When
Cynthia leaves without her suitcase, a now intrigued Anthony
returns to Chicago with her belongings. When Cyril does not
believe them, Guy comes out and embraces Mimi in an attempt to
convince him that he is her lover, but to no avail. When Daisy
returns, she finds a note that Megan had scribbled, and she and
Alec exchange the notes that they had found, and they break up.
When Daniel punches George at Lauren's birthday party for making
a crude innuendo about Lauren, the two are forbidden to date.
When Danielle arrives at the ball, Rodmilla exposes her identity
in front of Henry, causing him to be shocked and enraged. When
Danny finally realizes that he is falling for Leeza, she tells
him she cannot see him anymore because she has been promised in
an arranged marriage. When Darren and Judith announce their
engagement, Wayne andD. When Darrin and Lilly arrive, Paulina
tries to keep them out, citing that Darrin forfeited his
inheritance when he left Monte Carlo. When Darrin arrives, he
finds a new friendship in Lucious (Mike Epps), the town's happy-
go-lucky, womanizing cab driver. When David cries in response,
she concludes their relationship is a lie and drags him to the
hotel manager to have him punished by turning him into an animal
that no one likes. When David wakes up one morning, he finds she
has kicked David's brother (in dog form) to death. When Dean
arrives home the following morning he finds all of his
possessions on the front lawn. When Deb pushes for more
information, he blames the mayor for pushing an environmentally
dangerous project, to Ryan's disgust. When Debbie and Pete arrive
at the hospital, Ben adamantly refuses to allow her to be at
Alison's side, insisting that it's his place. When Debra
discovers the deception, she goes ballistic and thus gets fired.
When Debra proposes the project to the investors, she sends out
Haley and some friends, who pose as the investors. When Demetrius
goes to sleep, Oberon sends Puck to get Helena while he charms
Demetrius' eyes. When Denise finds that her husband is struggling
with compulsive cannibalism, she is horrified, but compelled by
love and pity to clean up after him and protect him. When Devon
and Kirk arrive at the Andy Warhol Museum, where Molly, a lawyer-
turned-event planner, is managing an event, Kirk collides with
Molly's sister, Katie (Kim Shaw) and spills his drink on the
museum director. When Diana arrives, Billy pushes Paddy into the
decorative pool in the suite and takes Diana upstairs to tell her
that Paddy likes her and to give him a chance. When Diane
discovers that Mike has no kinship to Sue-Lin, she wants to
inform the Welfare Board so that Sue-Lin can be removed from Mike
and Danny's apartment. When Dianne goes to investigate, she finds
Patricia but cannot get her to tell her what's wrong. When Dick
gets back to the darkroom, he sees something in Jo's face which
is "new" and "fresh", and which would be perfect for the
campaign, giving it "character", "spirit", and "intelligence".
When Dick mentions Paris, Jo becomes very interested in that she
would get a chance to see Professor Flostre, and is finally
convinced to model for the magazine. When Dick reveals that he
shared a cell with Raff and that he is on their side, their
attitude quickly changes, and Dick rises to the rank of war
leader. When Doc notes that one knock on the head reversed the
effect of another, Kay picks up a vase, but before she can use
it, "Larry" proves that he was only faking to get rid of Duke.
When Dodd is unimpressed by a viewing of Sex and Satan, Koslofski
puts the blame squarely on Quintain. When Dodge makes an
uninterested response, Linda looks at him in disgust and flees
the vehicle without a word. When Dolly visits Anna, she is struck
by the difference between the Levins' aristocratic-yet-simple
home life and Vronsky's overtly luxurious and lavish country
estate. When Dolores hears that Tostado has paid the jailer to
kill Johnny during an escape attempt, she makes a deal with
Tostado to give herself to him in exchange for Johnny's life and
freedom. When Don asks her to turn the volume down, she invites
herself over for a cup of coffee. When Don asks the hopefuls in
line about a garage, Ginger mistakes him for one of the
applicants and chooses him as the best of a bad lot. When Don
discovers Helen is dating his business rival, playboy Nick Malvyn
(Monroe Owsley), he returns to Peggy, but in reality his heart
belongs to his wife. When Don follows to console her, the rain
washes away his makeup and reveals his true identity. When Donnie
(Zuri Craig) comes, he tries to kiss Aunt Bam and Madea, who
warns him that she got H1N1 from his last kiss. When Doris goes
to the elevator to leave on her last day, John calls her name,
races out of his office, and tells her that he really is
interested in her and wants to sincerely begin a relationship
with her. When Doug begins to have doubts, they visit Edmundo,
who tells him that the only key is to please Gretchen and her
mother Lois and nothing else matters. When Doug shows up looking
for a job, Millie considers him very suitable husband material
(as does the rest of her all-female staff) and accepts an
invitation to a date. When Doug wakes up the next day, Nadia
kisses him goodbye, and hints she would like to know him better.
When Duke hears the interview, he becomes angry at being depicted
as a guinea pig in a love experiment. When Duke threatens to quit
Michele's account, his boss James Montgomery (Harry Antrim)
assigns him to do the book promotion for a new client, a nerve
psychologist namedO. When Dylan comes back he asks her about it,
and she says that her mom was Blossom Queen back in 1985. When
Dynamite exposes them, they fall into hysterics. When Dynamite
gets transferred to Alaska, Tulsa is brought in to take his
place. When Ed announces his plan to make the aircraft factories
more effective, producing double the amount of bombers each year,
Smokey warns him not to stray too far off government
recommendations. When Eddie sees Kiki at the junket she has lost
weight and is now physically attractive. When Edith and George
wander off, the two bond as they try to reunite with the tour.
When Edmund Tilney, the Master of the Revels, is informed there
is a woman player at The Rose, he closes the theatre for breaking
the ban on women. When Effie decides to stop the divorce, a
little scene staged by the lawyer, with his girlfriend, Nan,
posing as the blonde Henry was supposedly seeing, convinces her
otherwise. When Elaine gives her crooked pal Gilbert Landon
(Sidney Blackmer) a diamond pendant given her by Bradley, in
order to keep Landon quiet about her past, she pretends the
pendant was stolen, in hopes of hiding the truth from Bradley.
When Eliot asks what she'll do next, she mentions that Dan has a
new job in Cincinnati, and she'll probably follow him there to
resume her singing there. When Eliza decides to leave Higgins, he
insults her in frustration and storms off. When Elizabeth learns
that Amy and Scott are chaperoning an upcoming field trip, she
smears an apple with poison ivy and leaves it for Amy, who ends
up with her face breaking out in blisters, so she cannot go. When
Ellen tracks him down before his honeymoon night, he is at a loss
as to how to break the news to Bianca. When Ellie suspects Peter
has sold her out, she returns home. When Ellie's father presses
him for an explanation of his odd behavior, Peter admits he loves
Ellie, and storms out. When Elwood learns that David is not
technically a citizen of the United States, he has the young man
arrested for illegally entering the country. When Emily is
waylaid by a mysterious illness, Kumail must take charge of the
crisis with her parents, Beth and Terry. When Epifania becomes
smitten with Alastair, a muscular tennis player, she rigs the
contest by giving him £500 in stock and then buying it back for
£15,000. When Erik returns to the Beta house to pick up his
friends the next morning, each boy shares stories of his
experiences from the night before. When Estelle comes to the
Pooles' house, Augie is unaware of her identity and, believing
she works for a local charity, drinks two cocktails and behaves
casually. When Eve's married lover, Zack, calls looking for her,
Nancy asks penetrating questions and begins dispensing
relationship advice, despite the fact that she herself has been
unable to maintain a successful relationship. When Evie’s mother
leaves on a business trip, the girls take the opportunity to cook
a huge meal, indulging in wine and marijuana. When Fella's (Jerry
Lewis) father dies, he continues to live with his wicked
stepmother, Emily (Judith Anderson), and her two sons, Maximilian
(Henry Silva) and Rupert (Robert Hutton). When Flostre wakes up,
he tries to make a pass at Jo. When Fran leaves the pair to dance
together Mary angrily rebukes him for leading her on and going
behind Fran’s back. When Frances learns the truth about Paul, she
changes her impression of him and they embark on a romance. When
Frank is also bitten, he tells Ryan and Deb to flee while he
holds off the soldiers. When Frank yells at Julia to get an
order, she turns to respond and hits Grant over the head with the
coffee pot she is holding, knocking him to the floor. When Fred
and Emily board the junk, they are left unmolested and even fed.
When Freddie meets Jjaks (Keanu Reeves), Sam's brother, they
instantly fall in love. When Freddie performs for him, he
remembers her and kisses her on the forehead. When Gabriella
finally gains the confidence to step forward, Troy offers to sing
with her, but ms Darbus (Alyson Reed) tells them that they are
too late. When Gary arrives at the party, his dreams of a lasting
romance with Karen are shattered when he sees Karen making out
with Rick. When Gary goes out for a drink with Johnny, his friend
points out that Gary has always had his guard up, has been guilty
of a lot of selfishness, and never gave Brooke a chance,
emotional intimacy-wise. When Gavin, the popular editor of the
school paper, fires him, Eddie obtains revenge by establishing an
underground paper of his own. When Gene enters the study, he
confronts a lonely Art, and again threatens him if he doesn't
marry Betty. When Geoffrey tells Monica that she would be better
off with Austin, she is disdainful of the suggestion. When George
asks her about it, he assumes she wants to have an affair with
him, despite the fact his wife and she are friends. When George
expresses his skepticism, Jimmy bets him $5,000 that he can prove
his contention. When George is seemingly having difficulty
deciding on the man, his eyes alight on Peter, who he selects.
When George offers his life insurance policy as collateral,
Potter says George is worth more dead than alive and phones the
police to have him arrested. When George overhears Steve
discussing his "retirement" with Caroline, he vows to prevent the
marriage and enlists Maria Dorango (Jacqueline Dalya), an
aspiring actress posing as a Latin-American singer, to help him.
When George says he wishes he had never been born, Clarence
decides to grant his wish and show George an alternate timeline
in which he never existed. When Gerald asks her why her Thenol
pills failed to work, she asks him how he knew about them,
thinking that he has already found out about her taking
Prudence's pills, at which point they both realise that she has
revealed her guilt. When Glen Apollo (John Lloyd Cruz) finds
himself surrounded by friends who are beginning to settle down,
he is faced with the possibility of finding his true love. When
Glenn threatens Billy, a burly fan of his also wearing biker
attire forces Glenn down the aisle and a female flight attendant
he tried seducing earlier pushes him into the lavatory. When
Gloria invites Jeremy and John to an extended weekend party at
their family compound, John overrules Jeremy to accept and get
closer to Claire. When Gomer later shows Barney a picture he took
of Goober with something unidentifiable in the background, Barney
becomes convinced there's a monster in the lake. When Grace
arrives and sees this, she storms out; Bruce follows her, but she
is heartbroken and will not listen to him. When Granny Weatherwax
realizes Nanny Ogg has written an immensely popular cookbook but
has not been paid by the publisher, the witches also leave for
Ankh-Morpork to collect the money, as well as to attempt to
recruit Agnes into their coven, to replace Magrat Garlick who
left the coven when she became Queen of Lancre (in Lords and
Ladies). When Grant says he has a best man, she shows them what
she booked for the entertainment, after which she uses her butt
to knock over her desk then rips off her clothes to reveal a gold
liquid spandex tight suit. When Gray eventually 'comes out' to
Sam, he tells her he's known all along, since they were young
kids. When Grey accidentally collides with Bill for real, she
insists on putting the two up for the night, even over the
objections of her snotty fiance Walker McCormick. When Gupta,
assuming he was acting a coward, learns of the situation he was
put into, he decides to take the burden off Viktor by running in
front of the plane to Krakozhia as it taxies to the terminal,
choosing to let himself be deported back to his home country in
order to let his friend go to New York. When Gus falls in love
with Emily (Gertz), he adopts the persona of Lobo Marunga, a
leather-clad biker from New Zealand. When Guy makes advances, she
finally blurts out that she's married and can't leave her husband
because it would destroy him, and finally storms out. When Halley
walks in on her best friend Scarlett having sex with her
boyfriend, the high school soccer champ, Michael Sherwood, Halley
tries to warn her of the complications that lie ahead. When
Halsey suggest that Santo disrobe and show the crowd his "tits,"
Craig throws a glass of Scotch in his face and tells Halsey that
Santo could "crush him like an eggshell". When Hank tries to
share some of his ill-gotten money with the East Side Kids, they
suspend him from the club, and Hank is then arrested by Joe
Reagan (Roger Pryor), the local policeman. When Harley questions
the absence of sex in the surveys, Judith says she does not
believe in premarital sex. When Harold finishes his shift, he
sees an old friend from his hometown who is now a policeman
walking the beat. When Harold makes too sharp a turn, the two are
thrown into the river. When Harold points out how Kimberly's
behavior is similar to Tammy's, Tammy tells him to shut up and he
turns away in shame. When Harrison finds out Cole is running, he
decides to withdraw, until he witnesses Cole make a pass at
Handy's girlfriend of six years, veterinarian dr Sally Mannis,
who recently broke up with him because he was taking the
relationship too slow and had not yet proposed marriage to her.
When Harvey lets slip that Susan will likely stay in a juvenile
detention facility till she is 18, Mark impulsively takes her to
Las Vegas and marries her. When Hattie orders Ella to stop being
friends with Areida, Ella runs away and learns that her father is
attending a giant's wedding. When Heather gets home, she finds
Cindy sleeping in her bed. When Helen mentions Andy and Barney
are both up at Myer's Lake intent on trapping the "monster",
Butler excuses himself and hurriedly drives off to the lake. When
Henry goes back to the café, Lucy does not have any recollection
of ever meeting him. When Henry makes an attempt to take control
of the undervalued company by questionable methods, over-
enthusiastic government regulator Hector Vanson (John Astin)
takes him to court. When Hornby mentions Dudley's girl friend in
front of Margie, she is certain Dudley does not love her. When
Irene shows up unexpectedly at his trailer, Charles gets her to
leave, but she is spotted by Margit. When Iris gets fired, she
uses her feminine charms to get Judd Evans, a factory clerk, to
pay the rent for an apartment in his building. When Irma decides
to leave Paris with the fictitious Lord X, Nestor decides to end
the charade. When Isabel is about to get married, she explains to
everyone about how she wanted a simple ceremony in the park with
a sundress. When Isolde has Augie's baby picture blown up and
Alice mistakes it for the baby, Isolde furiously accuses Augie of
infidelity and declares she is leaving him. When Izzy tries to
leave for the event that day, however, his dad intercepts him,
showing that he had bought tickets for the two of them to watch a
boxing match. When Jack accompanies Mary to a company picnic,
they slip away from the group together and miss the bus back to
town, forcing them to take a taxi. When Jack is called up for war
service however, Joan's socially-ambitious mother (Ellen Pollock)
seizes the chance to meddle in her daughter's life by encouraging
the attentions of Joan's older boss Adolphus Pickering (Claud
Allister), who is infatuated with her. When Jagged sings "Viva
Rock Vegas" at a party, Betty catches Wilma's tossed bouquet and
kisses Barney. When Jake can't hear her yelling from the shore
she convinces a girls crew team to take her out to him. When Jake
confesses that he is heartbroken, Bill mentions that he has a
daughter who is single but Jake declines. When Jake's wealthy
parents (Tyne Daly and Winston Rekert) unexpectedly call him home
for the holidays, Jake must bring Brandi with him in order to
keep her safe prior to the trial. When Jamie gently turns him
down, Dusty storms out of the bar. When Jamie returns to England,
he realises he is in love with Aurélia and begins learning
Portuguese. When Jane finds out about it, she feels betrayed and
is furious at him. When Janet finds out, however, she confesses
everything. When Janie Harkins, the bratty daughter of the boat
owner, gets him fired, Mike must find new work. When Janis's turn
comes, she defies Norbury and confesses her plan to destroy
Regina with Cady's help, and openly mocks Regina with the support
of the entire school. When Jason leaves and tries to apologize to
Sabrina, Chef McKenna is busy kissing Blythe and not noticing the
food which begins to burn which sets off the alarm. When Jean
delivers books, a woman makes her the gift of an expensive dress.
When Jean goes out to see prospective customer Earl "Slim" Clark
(Johnny Mitchell), he insists on taking her out to dinner to
discuss the deal. When Jean learns that her fiancé Henry is
returning to the United States, but has not even so much as
mentioned her, she becomes upset and decides to get on a bus and
go home to Walla Walla. When Jeff confronts Margot, she promises
to straighten things out. When Jeff gets off the train, Margot
goes with him. When Jenna opens her eyes, she's back in 1987, on
that same 13th birthday night. When Jennifer loses all her
belongings along with the stolen moving van, she arranges to meet
Vince for lunch and to suggest a fake romance and engagement,
which he is very interested in going along with. When Jerry
chases Armand out of the apartment in front of the Leesons, Dan
and his mother stalk out. When Jerry knocks on the door, Armand
decides it would be prudent to hide in the bedroom. When Jess
discovers the deception, she and Milly fight and she reveals her
pregnancy to Milly. When Jess goes to Jules's house to try to
patch up their friendship, Jules's mother (Juliet Stevenson) is
misled and thinks they're hiding a lesbian relationship. When
Jessie asks the Moor to go get her "heart pills", Robie's voice
tips off his identity to the authorities. When Jim is worried
about learning the dance, Stifler agrees to teach Jim to dance,
and over time to tone down his obnoxious personality, in exchange
that he be allowed to attend the wedding and host a bachelor
party. When Jim receives a telegram from the count insisting upon
a settlement of $500,000 before the marriage, he sends word of
this to Barbara. When Jim's fellow executives reject his plan to
introduce a new automobile design, he decides to take a vacation.
When Jimmy (Robert Carlyle), "the great love of her life" and
father of her daughter Marlene (Finn Atkins), sees this, he
returns in an attempt to win back her heart. When Jimmy asks what
all the missing girls had in common, Millie mentions that they
were all orphans. When Jimmy takes Peter to be fitted with new
clothes suitable for Jimmy's high society circle, Peter meets
Joan Bently, a woman whom Jimmy has repeatedly asked to marry him
without success. When Joan arrives in her bridal gown, her aunt
and uncle assume that she and Jack are just married, and prepare
a bridal chamber for the couple, much to their embarrassment.
When Joanie's neighbor died, Nick is briefly left half a million
dollars richer, until his mother's boyfriend, a somewhat corrupt
police officer, seizes the money. When Joe and Jerry get back to
the hotel, Jerry explains that Osgood has proposed marriage to
Daphne and that he, as Daphne, has accepted, anticipating an
instant divorce and huge cash settlement when his ruse is
revealed. When Joe arrives home to her apartment, she hears
noises in her bathroom. When Joe goes out for cigarettes Belle
looks around the kitchen for food but finds a gun hidden inside
the microwave which she trades for her razor and then goes to
sleep on the couch. When Joe recognizes Butch, he chases him and
Danny trips the criminal, who is then arrested along with Mike.
When Joe shouts in mock pain and pulls his hand out of the mouth,
it appears to be missing, causing Ann to scream. When Joel (Rudd)
and Molly (Poehler) meet, it's hate at first sight: his big
Corporate Candy Company threatens to shut down her quirky indie
candy shop. When Joel takes the car to a repair shop, he is
horrified to learn how much it will cost to fix it. When John
Thomas is admitted to Phillip's clinic for observation, Harley
sneaks into his room to complete a film, but his surreptitious
activities are captured by a hidden camera recording the baby's
behavior. When John has to go away on a business trip, he asks
Tony to use his influence to persuade Jo to accept his proposal.
When John's mother asks her to dine with them on the evening of
the Regimental Ball, Cynthia feels she won't fit in with the
woman's social circle, so her rooming house companions coach her
on how to behave unpleasantly, thinking the mother would be a
snob. When Johnny arrives at the Winslow house, he finds an
envelope meant for the family. When Johnny finally arrives, he
breaks off the engagement, superstitiously believing that their
marriage would cause his mother's death. When Johnny is freed,
Dolores makes it clear that she is no longer interested in him,
and that she intends to marry Tostado. When Josh regains
consciousness, he proposes to Molly. When Josh's father finally
locates his wayward son, he and Gloria fly out to bring Josh back
to face his responsibilities. When Josh's ship docks at a
tropical port, a passenger complains about a terrible spot
remover that disintegrated his suit jacket. When Judy returns
from walking the streets she leaves a letter for Ivan, thanking
him for his love. When Julia (Deborah Walley) arrives, she's even
worse than her cousins remembered. When Julia insists on being
carried over the thresh-hold of his home. When Julia reaches her
destination, she is penniless, so following her usual methods,
she gets a stranger, Colonel Willowbrook (Nigel Bruce), to give
her money, supposedly for an evening gown and other clothing.
When Julia's performance in her current play begins to suffer
from her personal discontent, Michael closes the production; and
Julia visits her mother (Rosemary Harris) and her Aunt Carrie
(Rita Tushingham) in Jersey, where Lord Charles comes to visit
her. When Julie and Meredith lock themselves in the bathroom to
get the ring off, they assume Everett is about to propose to
Meredith. When Julie and Mikey meet, she takes an immediate
dislike to Mikey. When Julie is about to be born, her umbilical
cord gets caught around her neck, putting her in distress. When
Justine arrives at work the next morning, Cheryl attempts to
cover up her facial bruises with make-up just as Corny walks by.
When Justine arrives home, Phil is looking at the credit card
statement and tearfully asks Justine if she has been having an
affair. When Justine gets home, Phil, Bubba, and Bubba's new
girlfriend are all waiting for her so they can celebrate. When
Justine goes to visit Gwen in the hospital, she is told that Gwen
has died after contracting parasites from eating poisonous
blackberries that she bought at a roadside fruit stand. When
Justine says it doesn't matter, Phil concludes it's Corny, the
security guard that invited them to Bible study. When Kabir
protests that he has no head for money, Epifania plops down the
wad of bills and leaves. When Karan understands that he has been
shot, they speak amongst themselves for the last time, regarding
the others, about Sue and about Daljit's love for her. When Karl
asks him about Kathi, he learns that she is still waiting for
him. When Karl sees his uncle, he is told of the matrimonial
plans. When Kate voices her displeasure, Ashley hears her,
unaware of what it means. When Kathy asks Johnny to play the tape
left behind by the kidnappers, he hears a loud clanging noise
from a construction vehicle, revealing the message was recorded
at the construction site. When Katie Gregerstitch visits her
boyfriend Billy in New York, she finds him in bed with another
woman. When Katie meets Richard, a talented British songwriter,
she thinks that she may have finally the right man. When Katrina
holds a ball, her ambitious husband invites Johann without her
knowledge. When Kelly confronts Benjamin about why he bought a
zoo, knowing nothing about running one, Benjamin simply responds
"Why not. When Kevin finds out that Jane is getting her sister's
marriage fixed with the man she loves, he rebukes her. When Kim
gets out of the tub to shovel snow on herself, the family return
home and see her naked. When Kirk and Stainer meet Molly and her
best friend Patty (Krysten Ritter), who develops an immediate
mutual loathing with Stainer (he subsequently refers to her as
"The Hamburglar"), at the game, Kirk, still convinced Molly is
not interested in him, assumes Molly meant to set him up with
Patty, until Patty explicitly tells him of Molly's interest. When
Kitty goes to make up with Mae at her office, she runs into mr
Johannson, one of Mae's clients, who needs help desperately to
patch up his relationship. When Kostas comes to see her,
revealing that marriage was annulled after his wife revealed she
was never pregnant, Lena forgives him but refuses him because she
does not believe they are the same people any more. When Laida
comes back to Flippage, she wears different clothing and speaks
differently while presenting her presentation. When Laney returns
to her home, Zack is there waiting for her, along with her father
and Simon who are waiting up for her. When Laura goes to the jail
to see her Alexis, she is surprised to find an older man, who
reveals that Victor is involved somehow. When Laura joins her
father at their table, she asks Victor to steer some celebrities
or royalty her way. When Leslie calls to return a dressing gown
Logan lent her, he invites her to dine with him that evening,
still believing her to be Lady Rockburn and intending to inform
her of the situation. When Lester goes to Ramona's house later,
and apologizes for not meeting her, he lies and said that he went
to see The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, and that it was shot in
color, although if he had seen the film he would have known it
was in black and white. When Levin proposes to Kitty at her home,
she clumsily turns him down, believing she is in love with
Vronsky and that he will propose to her, and encouraged to do so
by her mother who believes Vronsky would be a better match (in
contrast to Kitty's father, who favors Levin). When Levin visits
Dolly, she attempts to understand what happened between him and
Kitty and to explain Kitty's behaviour. When Lil learns that
Charles has found out about her, she returns to Bill, only to
find him with Irene. When Lily asks how Gordon died, Jarrod says
that he died saving a kid from a fire at the school. When Lily
tells Dylan that she heard his family might be leaving, he is
overjoyed, which hurts her feelings. When Lina finds out, she is
infuriated. When Liz's favorite painting in the studio turns out
to have been actually made by Art (who gave it to Manny as an
"advance" on what he owes him), Bart gives her the painting. When
Logan goes to investigate, he is shot at but the shooter misses
and escapes. When Lolita realises Tim has left, she pursues him
on horseback. When Lord Varney approaches and asks for his dance
from Kitty, Captain O'Hara declares that "it 'was' his dance" and
whisks her away. When Lou stops coming to the writing seminar
they both attend, Sam tracks him down to the house where he takes
care of his mother, who is dying. When Lou's mother dies, Sam
realizes how much her mother means to her and they tearfully
reconcile. When Louise learns of the switch, she runs back to the
shop and locks herself in her room. When Lucia asks Marcus if he
no longer wants to get married, he replies he doesn't know,
leading her to call off the wedding. When Lucy sees signs that
Albert is interested in Blake for more than just acting, she
divorces him, further troubling Casey. When Ludo runs into his
former lover Marie in the disco, and Anna's old boyfriend Ralf
comes to stay in their flat for a few days, the young couple
faces serious jealousy and doubt in their relationship. When Luke
hears about this he is angry at both Dave and Kate, and spends
the whole day snapping at both of them, but eventually apologizes
for his behavior. When Madea quizzes him, he says he's 17 and in
the 6th grade, to which she responds that at least he's in school
and his children will know he's right down the hall from their
classrooms. When Madison tries to retreat from the beach, the
manic Cummings shoots him in the leg with a Browning. When Mae
goes to see another client, her purse is accidentally taken by
model Kitty Bennett, while she gets Kitty's lookalike one. When
Mae learns of her plans, she alerts Kewpie, who spots the
kidnappers putting a woman in a small boat. When Maisie notices
that they are being billed for twice as many parts (the plotters
are building a second copy of the prototype), Barbara invites her
to a Sunday social at an exclusive club, where she spikes her
drink. When Mannion returns unexpectedly, Jones orders the men to
shoot Mannion. When Margaret informs Osh of their still-failing
finances, Osh, hoping to keep them in town, makes up a request
from the house's owner, Tom Hamilton, in exchange for no rent.
When Margie finds them together, she calls off the wedding and
goes out with Dudley in order to get back at her former fiancée.
When Margit confronts him, he agrees to never see Irene again if
Margit will let him paint her portrait. When Maria sees Bob at
Acuña's office, she asks her father to introduce them. When Mario
arrives, she assures him she had nothing to do with the colonel.
When Marni meets Joanna for the first time in eight years, Joanna
seems not to recognize her. When Marni tells Joanna that she
knows who she really is, it is obvious that Joanna remembers
Marni. When Martin goes out one night to the local gay cruising
area - an old fort on a nearby hillside - Charly follows him and
meets Didier. When Martin uses his influence to have Ferris
shipped to Labrador for an Arctic survival course, she is
prepared to seek a divorce. When Martin worried if Bill might see
them, Erica replied, "I don't care". When Mary and Tom arrive
together at the restaurant, the owner, Gustav Heindel (Hugo
Haas), tells Elwood he saw Mary kissing David. When Mary
discovers the trip, she makes them all picket Larry and Lloyd's
house, carrying placards and shouting homophobic abuse. When Mary
finds out, Megan, now at ease with her sexual identity, is
unrepentant. When Mary hiccups into the phone, the President
sends his executive secretary, Harvey Elwood (Ray Collins), to
check on her condition and offers her a paper bag to breathe
into. When Mary is finally together with all of her deceitful
suitors, Ted realizes that the only one who did not resort to
lying and manipulation to win Mary was Brett, who turns out to be
NFL quarterback Brett Favre. When Mary's friend and colleague
Penny (Judy Greer) arrives she persuades Steve to attend an
outdoor movie screening with them at the park, only to make up an
excuse to leave the pair alone. When Matthew wakes up in the
morning—still in the elevator—he finds himself alone with a pair
of her panties. When Max comes home they of course immediately
expanded 'wind and rain making'. When Menford finally admits the
ruse, Dorothy sends him away. When Merle tries to arrest him, the
agile Kobayashi stuns him using judo, knocking him horizontal
again, and escapes. When Michael comes home later after seeing
Lina again, Cathy says she wants out of the relationship. When
Michael returns home, finding his parents arguing and his mother
reading his letter. When Michael, now divorced, sees the child,
he tries to flee, but then Theodora reveals that the baby belongs
to Rebecca Perry's own secretly married daughter. When Michele
notices that Duke and Jo are falling in love, and when she is
served a cake with an advertising contract inside instead of a
marriage license, she throws his drink at him and storms out of
the nightclub. When Michelle discovers that Luke had sex with dr
Catchadourian, she feels betrayed. When Miguel tells Marcus that
he disapproves of him living off his daughter, Lucia says
nothing. When Mike and William are jailed as a result of a police
bust, Mike takes the blame. When Mike asks if she was faking it,
Abby responds, "You will never know it". When Mike is finally
ready, they arrange for him to be spotted by Ashley throughout
the day, pretending to be oblivious to her. When Mike warns Trudy
that he intends to have them all arrested for criminal trespass,
she persuades her mother Mary (Ann Harding) to fly up from
Florida and pretend to be the 11th interloper, a cook. When Mikey
greets his half-sister she "tells" him she had a day he wouldn't
believe. When Milly discovers that the women are not in the
house, Adam tells his brothers to go after them and bring them
back. When Minnie's bohemian mother Charlotte is too busy to go
out with her boyfriend Monroe, she suggests he take Minnie out
instead. When Miranda discovers that Denys has turned down an
attractive job offer because there was "just no money in it", she
is sure there is "something behind this". When Miri does not
reciprocate, Zack storms out of the coffee shop, quitting the
film and his job, and moves out of the apartment. When Mitch is
caught attending Chris' pool party instead of working in the lab,
Hathaway berates him. When Monty and Julia meet, she insists on
having everything done on schedule. When Mr Darcy returns
unexpectedly, he is overwhelmingly kind and civil and invites
Elizabeth and the Gardiner's to meet his sister and go fishing.
When Muggs and his pals see newsreel footage of a man and woman
accepting the winnings from a lottery, they recognize the man as
Knobby (Billy Gilbert), the driver of the stolen truck. When Nat
meets with Guy at his hotel to discuss their business deal, she
rebuffs his attempts to get her into his room. When Nat returns
home, she and Josh talk about their relationship. When Nat
returns to work after the honeymoon, she's embarrassed when Josh
calls her in the office - on speakerphone in front of her
colleagues - to tell her she is sexy and that he misses her,
causing her to abruptly hang up on him. When Nell (in Woody's
body) finds out, she gets very upset. When Nellie becomes
enamored of Dennis Fogarty (Douglas McPhail), the son of
Michael's old friend Timothy Fogarty (Arthur Shields), the
squabbling between Nellie's father and grandfather intensifies,
as Michael objects to the romance, and finally leaves home
because of it. When Nelson visits George the next day in his
shabby storefront law office, and offers to make him the legal
representative for his company, George is suspicious and refuses
the offer, but Nelson allays his concerns by telling the ethical
young attorney that he needs an honest lawyer as a role model for
his staff &ndash; the truth is he wants George on his staff so he
can keep him occupied while he pursues Louise. When New York
butcher Leo Lemke shows up on the tiny North Carolina island of
Ocracoke, where Marina lives, she is convinced that he is the man
predestined to be her husband. When Newman meets Oscar and Peter,
he assumes that they are lovers, even though Oscar is straight.
When Nick confronts Ellen, she recruits a mousy shoe salesman (an
uncredited Chester Clute) to pretend to be Stephen, but Nick has
already tracked down the real, appallingly virile and handsome
Stephen (Randolph Scott). When Nick is confronted by Ellen, he
eventually clears things up with Bianca, but he then learns that
the entire time Ellen was stranded on the island she was there
with another man, the handsome, athletic Stephen Burkett (Chuck
Connors) - and that they called each other "Adam" and "Eve". When
Nick talks about what he wants in a woman, he doesn't notice
Lauren's momentary reaction to 'unmarried. When Nikhil comes to
Meeta's house to run away with her, he sees Karishma with her
family and returns home, realizing the complications. When Nikki
begins to deliberately seduce Richard, he does not know what to
do. When Nora asks Mary if she loves Rodrigo, Mary tells her that
she just wants to go back to Beverly Hills and that Rodrigo can
make that happen. When Nora becomes afraid of her feelings and
that it would destroy her career, she coldly informs Edward that
she is "just another girl who answered an ad in the paper" to him
and drives him away. When Nora receives a promotion and transfer
away from Edward, she quits rather than have people believe she
slept her way up. When Norbit realizes that Rasputia is cheating
on him with her dance instructor Buster Perkin (Marlon Wayans),
she carelessly brushes it off like nothing happened. When Norbit
returns home, he learns that Rasputia somehow witnessed the whole
thing and she threatens to kill Kate if she ever sees Norbit with
her again. When Norton discovers the man she is in love with is
really Doherty, she tries to quit the show, only to find out that
it would breach her contract. When Norval discovers that Trudy
has borne not just one son but six, he faints, and the movie ends
with this epilogue on a title card:. When O'Hara is found with
LeBlanc, who is shot by two Nazi agents, she is placed under
house arrest. When Paddy and Sam return, they find that Archie is
up to $102,000, and they quickly leave the table in fear of being
accused of card counting. When Parsons brings the police, looking
for his truck, Lambert leads them to the thieves. When Patricia
finally awakens, she is deeply touched by Joe's self-sacrifice.
When Patrick arrives there, Emma and Patrick get married and
leave in the fire truck. When Patterson realizes that Pat and
David have long expected to marry, he contrives to obtain medical
clearance to go back to combat duty. When Patti sells Murphy a
new apartment, and Brian publishes his personal novel, these old
friends reconnect in unexpected ways. When Paul accuses Tony of
misappropriating company funds, Tony protects his boss with his
silence. When Paul tells Tony that Julius is with Amelia, Tony
decides not to see Amelia again, nor answer her calls. When Peggy
returns to the camp, it is revealed that she was never the true
owner of the lumber camp, but this does not matter to Clayton,
who is love with Peggy. When Peggy wakes, she finds herself back
in the spring of 1960 during her senior year of high school,
having passed out after donating blood in the school gym (where
the reunion was). When Pepé climbs out he is blue. When Pepé goes
back into the perfume shop to look for the female skunk, he hears
the door shut and the lock click behind him. When Pepé returns
with the glass of water, he finds she has run off. When Peter
comes to Ellie's home, mr Andrews offers him the reward money,
but Peter insists on being paid only his expenses: a paltry
$3960. When Peter confronts Sarah, she tells him she began
feeling disconnected emotionally from him and she couldn't do
anything to make their relationship work. When Peter tries to
talk to Lara Jean, Josh steps in to try and protect her, and
Margot ends up hearing that Josh and Lara Jean kissed. When
Peter's friend Ernie discovers Tammy outside of the party, Tammy
tries to explain her grandfather's imprisonment; however, Peter
misunderstands, and tells mrs Brent (Fay Wray) that Tammy's
grandfather has died, leading the Brents to take her in. When
Phelps sets out to rescue Mirza, O'Gaffney shows true friendship
and accompanies him. When Phil and Claire get back in the Audi,
Armstrong and Collins shoot at them. When Phil mentions the
photos, a feud escalates between the mobsters and Crenshaw,
Collins and Armstrong. When Philip stops to visit her on his way
to California to report for active duty, she pretends to be her
own mother and Philip leaves without learning the truth. When
Philippe is tried, his defense is that he was overcome by
Monique's beauty, and that it is a Frenchman's nature to be
romantic, even to perfect strangers. When Phillip and Tom show
up, a jealous David leaves in anger, believing she is also seeing
them. When Phillip calls expecting to drive her to Justice
Peabody's party that night, she declines, not wanting to resume
their relationship. When Phillip learns that Mary is with Tom, he
questions David about his relationship with Mary. When Phyllis
and Jose separately converge on the office, he is finally
revealed to be a fraud financed by Kendal. When Pierre accepts,
he finds that the place is over the flies in the theatre and the
weapons are a bottle of vodka each. When Pike meets "Eve", he is
so bewildered he constantly trips and falls over himself. When
Pitka is introduced to Jane Bullard, he imagines a Bollywood
musical fantasy with her in it. When Polly tells Andy she will be
visiting her grandmother for the next three weeks and will not be
able to attend the Christmas Eve dance with him, Andy vows to
attend the dance alone. When Porter runs into Raoul at Sherman's
"studio", she learns about the scheme before Sherman can confess,
and has both Blair and Sherman arrested. When Porter takes a two
month vacation, Sherman follows along. When President Richmond
arrives at Duncan's school to thank him for Hallie's date, he
allows Duncan to continue seeing Hallie and strikes up a
friendship with Duncan's family. When Priya goes to the meeting
place, he doesn't recognize her. When Prudence comes downstairs
to be a student of Roberto's seduction "lessons", Roberto plays
along, then stops the action, confessing that Don had stayed with
him for the previous three days to think things through. When
Qiushui fled Taiwan after the 228 Massacre, Biyun gave him a gold
engagement ring and they promised to meet again. When R and the
others arrive at the stadium, he impersonates a Living person,
and has his friends “chase” him to its doors. When Rahul plans to
sneak away, she argues, not wanting to earn the villagers'
distrust. When Rawlins reappears, very much alive, Jerry is
immensely relieved. When Ray hears of their plan, he informs
Gordon and sends Tony off to re-serve Sara. When Reggie asks
Sylvia to divorce Gaylord so that she can marry him, she is
tempted, but confused, and returns home. When Regi is unable to
wake him from his drunken slumber, she lets him sleep on her
sofa. When Regi repeatedly interrupts in a nasally voice, Ted
hangs up to avoid laughing in his fiancee's hearing. When Regina
is finally made aware of Cady's treachery, she retaliates by
spreading the contents of her Burn Book all over the school,
quickly inciting a riot. When Richard Burbage, owner of the
Curtain, finds out that Shakespeare has cheated him out of both
money and the play, he goes to the Rose Theatre with his Curtain
Theatre Company and starts a brawl. When Rick answers him back,
Leigh is impressed and tells Rick that they might see each other
at the local gym. When Rip later slips away to talk to his client
over the phone, Mary follows him, eavesdrops on the conversation,
and finds out the truth about Rip being in town. When Robby and
the woman meet at a park, she realizes he's a child and kisses
him and walks away. When Robert moves up his annual visit to July
and calls her en route from Milano, she cancels her wedding to
Englishman Spencer (Ronald Howard) and rushes to meet him. When
Robert wakes up the next morning, he is stunned to see that he
and Celine have slept together. When Roberta arrives, angry, he
calms her down, until she discovers Julie in Michael's pajamas
and in his bedroom. When Robie and Frances run into Danielle at
the beach, Robie keeps up the mask of being a wealthy American
tourist, despite Danielle's jealous barbs about his interest in
Frances. When Roderick's condescension and LN's backhanded
compliments to Verona get to be too much for Burt, he tells them
they are horrible people and he and Verona leave but not before
taking their son on a wild stroller ride through the house (which
he enjoys). When Roger spots a plane overhead, he comes up with
the idea of strapping dancing girls to planes, with Fred leading
the band and Honey and Julio leading the planes. When Romero
resists his advances, using a fictional boyfriend as her excuse,
this only increases his interest in her, and his attempts to win
her favor. When Roro finally decides to introduce Lisa to his
family, he walks into the apartment full of relatives who are
planning a marriage with the Lebanese girl Yasmine (Laleh
Pourkarim). When Rose tells Madea she should let her "man" grow
up and be a man, Madea uses Uncle Monroe's "Yah, trick. When
Rosie discovers that Billy has true feelings for her, and intends
to marry her, she asks Dockweiler to lose back the money he has
won. When Roy demands his driver, Romeo snaps it in half. When
Ruder's niece Kathi (Norma Shearer) stoutly defends the
centuries-old family business, Karl is entranced by her, and
decides to stay. When Ruggles is mistaken for a wealthy retired
Englishman colonel, he becomes a celebrity in the small town.
When Rusty and Brandy arrive home, a jealous Cameron is there to
meet him with a sucker-punch, and they fight until Brandy breaks
it up. When Rusty catches him, Bill says that Rusty needs to
really experience life in order to become a better writer. When
Ryan hears that a storm is going to hit the side of the island
where Jenny is he drives out to save her. When Ryan tells Stacy
he no longer wants to marry her, she loudly simulates having sex,
driving Deb to leave the house and Chaz to become intensely
jealous. When Sally asks to have airline security spy on
Christine's flight - to see if she stole any property (a code
blue) - Christine gets caught and is fired. When Sally finds
herself in trouble for giving Buster the tip, Buster offers to
make amends by leaving MGM alone once and for all. When Sam and
Brian swap their schedules without telling Ellen, she assumes
that their personalities have changed. When Sam finds out, he
refuses to leave Chris alone, though Tess wants him to be beside
her on her big night, and is embarrassed at the thought that the
public will wonder where he is. When Sam gives Kate
champagne—unaware of Kate's addiction and the fact that she's
underage—Kate goes back for more and eventually goes home with
Gus, one of Bill's students. When Samantha's flamboyance nearly
incites a riot, the girls are rescued by a group of Emirati women
who share their sense of style under their black robes. When
Sandy catches Michael in her bedroom half undressed (he wanted to
try on her clothes in order to get more ideas for Dorothy's
outfits), he covers up by professing he wants to have sex with
her. When Santo's musical act is finally put on stage, the crowd
seems enthusiastic about the music, though the hostess of the
party dismisses it as a "racket". When Sarah reaches home she
finds Jonathan with her cat who was missing. When Scott returns
to the dance studio, he finds Barry Fife, the conniving president
of the Australian Dancing Federation who proceeds to tell him
"the truth" about his parents, Doug and Shirley — they too were
ballroom dancing champions, especially his father, until they
lost the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix because of Doug's self-obsession
and unorthodox dance steps. When Scott sees Tom, Tom drives off.
When Scott stops for gas and refreshments, he encounters Tom
Wilson (Hutchins), who is on his way to take a job as a
waterskiing instructor at a Miami hotel. When Sean urges her to
join the group's excursion, she lashes out at him and bursts into
tears, leaving him baffled. When Senator Mabby and Iris show up
to make another offer, the three gangsters hide in the next room.
When Sex Bob-Omb plays in a battle of the bands sponsored by
record executive G-Man Graves, Scott is attacked by Ramona's ex-
boyfriend Matthew Patel. When Shanté's boyfriend, Keith, is
caught red-handed stepping out with a co-worker, Shanté
institutes her "Ten Day Plan" to get her man in line. When
Sharpay discovers that Ryan and the Wildcats are putting together
their own performance in the show, she orders mr Fulton to ban
all junior staff members from performing. When Shaun does not
escape from his bonds in time to play the remaining match, the
coach is forced to substitute Tommy in his place. When Sheldrake
asks Bud for the key to the apartment on New Year's Eve, Bud
refuses and quits the firm. When Sherman chases after her, he is
knocked down. When Simon is released from the hospital, Melvin is
unable to cope emotionally with returning the dog. When Simone
tries to win him back, he introduces her to his "fiancée", Sally.
When Sir Charles arrives, Raymond informs him of her engagement,
causing the latter to tear up a check for £1000 he was about to
give Crystal. When Sir Peter leaves to continue his business,
Dame Olga and her daughters quickly reduce Ella to being an
obedient servant in their home, Hattie having told her mother
about Ella's condition. When Sir Robert refuses Lord Goring his
sister's hand in marriage, still believing he has taken up with
mrs Cheveley, Lady Chiltern is forced to explain last night's
events and the true nature of the letter. When Slocum does not
believe their story, Susan tells him they are members of the
"Leopard Gang"; she calls herself "Swingin' Door Susie", and
David "Jerry the Nipper". When Smokey tells him she works at the
board, he agrees to drive her there. When Spengo looks at exactly
where his laser would strike, he sees Marge Nelson (Teri Garr)
exercising — and falls in love. When Stacey relates this to Zack,
the two retreat to Zack's bedroom, much to Miri's dismay. When
Stanley and Sophie visit his aunt Vanessa (Eileen Atkins), Sophie
is seemingly able, after holding aunt Vanessa's pearls, to
somehow relate secret details of Vanessa's one great love affair.
When Starla is forced to quit the cheerleading squad after
getting some bad grades in French, Genevieve moves in to take her
place, and then the roles are reversed. When Stephen Dexter
(Brian Aherne), boss of Dexter Cement, competes with the giants
in his industry, they strike back by threatening to get an
injunction against him the next day and tie up his business if he
will not cooperate. When Stephen sends her to see Phyllis, Kendal
words the offer is such a way that Phyllis suspects it is a trap
designed to expose her gold-digging motives. When Stephen sneaks
away to a nightclub to explain things to Phyllis, Kendal follows.
When Stephen's business competitors give up their underhanded
tactics, he asks Kendal for a divorce. When Steve asks how they
all know each other, Mary reveals that Keith used to be her
fiancé. When Steve checks in, Ann persuades him to let her keep
one of the rooms in his suite. When Steve follows her, they are
trapped by a cave-in. When Steve hears about this, he tries to
persuade Ann not to bet on his horse, afraid that he will be
blamed for her losing money if his horse loses. When Steve swears
deadly revenge on the person who hired Maria, however, George
backs down and offers to help Steve do his homework. When Stevie
arrives home from work, Gus blurts out that Jonah has cancer,
much to Jonah's dismay. When Stifler later returns, the flowers
are dead. When Susan is seen eating strawberries and pickles,
Mark's friends assume the worst: that she is pregnant. When
Sydney finishes her work, she accidentally falls asleep and is
almost disqualified for not showing up, but Tyler wakes her with
a kiss just in time. When Sylvia discovers Max's deception, she
is appalled, but the situation is resolved when her father tells
her that he was once a hotel dishwasher. When Tabatha brings her
to a drug dealer, having told him that Minnie will have sex with
him for the drugs, Minnie returns to her family. When Tammy
(Crissy Collins) shows up, Madea informs her that she's very
angry with her and her husband Harold (Danny Clay): she gave them
$275 to fix her car and it didn’t start. When Ted finds her
there, she agrees to marry him. When Terri's boyfriend shows up
unexpectedly and discovers the ruse, Rick assumes that Terri's
big secret was that she was a gay man. When Terry joins Nickie on
a brief visit to his grandmother when the ship anchors near her
home at Villefranche-sur-Mer on the Mediterranean coast, she sees
Nickie with new eyes and their feelings blossom into love. When
Terry refuses to admit the truth, an angered Tony departs for his
hotel, Consuelo follows, and Terry is not far behind. When Tevin
makes one final attempt to get a piece of the Ferrigno listing,
Peter slaps him across his face and tells him to stay away from
it. When Thanksgiving break approaches, Becca realizes that Crawl
has nowhere to go, and she invites him to visit her family. When
Thea still doesn't admit the lie, Emma destroys her pregnancy
pillow in a fit of rage. When Tom confronts her in their room,
Sarah finds Wendy's bra. When Tom goes to see Brad for advice, he
tells Tom to drop the bracelet with a letter into a mailbox for a
clean break with Ruth. When Tom meets Hackensacker, Gerry
introduces him as her brother, Captain McGlue. When Tom proposes,
she tells him that she needs to think about it for a day. When
Tom's car breaks down, Julie finds Ruth's charm bracelet, so Tom
tells her that he has been helping Bill Abernathy's mother since
the funeral. When Tom's mother tells Grace that he's in the lobby
of the building, Grace tells Josie her maid to have him sent up
while she gets ready to meet him. When Toni learns Henry has lost
his job, she vows to help him get it back. When Tony finds
gallery employee Stewart Haines (Richard Derr) kissing Helen, he
sends Stewart on a buying trip to Europe. When Tony runs after
her, some men try to restrain him; he starts a fight and is
jailed. When Trask hears a convincing tidbit, he hops off the
closing elevator, leaving Katharine still in the lift. When
Tuttle passes away shortly after their enterprise has taken off,
Suzanne finds out that he has left her seven thousand dollars
through his will. When Uma convinces Lucía, she agrees and then
tells Nico, which after thinking about it agrees as well. When
Uncle Billy cannot find the money, he and George frantically
search for it. When Uncle Phil gets the courage to show what she
means to him, he proposes. When Veronica learns that Jimmy knows
Paul, she asks him to deliver an invitation to Paul for a formal
ball being held at the hotel that evening. When Verónica
announces that she is engaged to be married to a rich and
handsome man, Carmello is heartbroken. When Victor passes away
and Tanzie and Ava's mother married to a prince, Marchetta
Cosmetics is run by its co-founder and family friend Tommy
Katzenbach (Brent Spiner). When Victor shoots a photo of
Alexandra Curtis (Mary Martin), he realizes she is desperate and
in need of a friend who can guide her through the ways and means
of surviving in Manhattan with no money. When Viktor is unable to
secure himself some food after Dixon cuts him off from an avenue
of money, his plight is noticed by a food service worker at the
airport, Enrique Cruz, who offers him food in exchange for
helping in learning more about an immigration officer that he is
infatuated with, Dolores Torres. When Viktor meets with Amelia
once again and takes her out for a meal, he slowly begins taking
an interest with her, even wooing her, before offering to
surprise her with a gift when she returns, based on his recent
knowledge of Napoleon, soon creating a majestic fountain. When
Vince is paroled after five years in prison for a heist gone
wrong, his dangerous and controlling former boss, Kranski, forces
him back into a life of crime. When Vince ruins the opportunity
for her, she gets angry with him and tells Heather she'll be
staying with her. When Vince’s raw and evocative sculptures are
discovered by calculating art dealer Belinda, his chance for a
new life as an artist emerges, as well as romantic complications
with Belinda’s gallery assistant, Kristen. When Viola finds out
the truth, she encourages Olivia to tell Sebastian directly about
her feelings. When Violet and her mother also show up, an
emboldened Lambert tells them he is not going to marry Violet.
When Violet's last grandparent dies during the summer, Tom,
having broken up with Audrey, shows up at the funeral in England
and rekindles his relationship with Violet. When Vronsky leaves
for several days of provincial elections, Anna becomes convinced
that she must marry him to prevent him from leaving her. When
Wai-Tung's parents hire a dating service, he and Simon stall for
time by inventing impossible demands. When Wallace brings the
carnival to Wilder's Florida hometown, the tension between the
brothers over Wilder's oversexed wife, Vida (Debra Winger),
explodes. When Wendy and Fiona come over to watch the film
Beaches with Brandy, they discover her list and see the list of
boys with whom she had experimented. When Wendy next visits her,
Randy rejects her, telling her she has a new girlfriend, Evie.
When Wesley Johnson (Jeremy Slate) makes advances on Laurel, Ross
punches him out. When Wesley reveals he has always wanted to ride
a motorcycle, Lindsey rents one. When Will gives Helen expensive
jewelry as a belated birthday present, her fiancé, truck driver
Tom Gibney, is furious. When Will practices his proposal to Emily
on April, she is taken aback by Will's wholehearted words, and
replies, "Definitely, maybe". When Will refuses, he throws Mary
Kate back at Will, saying that "no dowry, no marriage" is their
custom not his, shocking the two and shaming Will into finally
paying the monetary part of his sister's dowry. When Will's
mother Karen (Lisa Kudrow) finds a new job, he switches to a new
school, which he is eager to do since he was bullied at his
previous one. When William chases after them, followed by Julia,
they discover they have been tricked into going to the wrong
place. When William comes to her rescue, he ends up sprawled in
the muck as well, leaving them both laughing at their
predicament. When Williams escapes from the bumbling sheriff
(Gene Lockhart) and practically falls into Hildy's lap, the lure
of a big scoop proves too much for her. When Willie finds out,
Belle reassures him she is in control of her emotions. When
Willie overhears a conversation between the brothers, he finally
realizes his grave predicament. When Winnie, with the rest of her
team, makes fun of the Warriors, Britney stands up to Winnie and
defends them. When Winona turned 25, she didn’t die. When
Winthrop starts to become suspicious of his new partners, he
travels to New Mexico to physically inspect the mining operation.
When Woody (in Nell's body) finds Nell (in Woody's body), he
admits that he didn't actually lose Nell's virginity and that
everyone was simply spreading Nicky's lies. When World War Two
breaks out, Lady Christabel has to give up her quest for the
birds' rights and instead focus on the war at home. When Zach
takes Beth on a daytime date in the park, she gets blisters on
her face, apparently from the sun. When a John Doe rally is
scheduled, with John Doe clubs from throughout the country in
attendance, Norton instructs Mitchell to write a speech for
Willoughby in which he announces the foundation of a new
political party and endorses Norton as its presidential
candidate. When a Russian traveler creates a delicate situation
when Customs try to remove the medicine he is carrying for his
father, Dixon is annoyed when Viktor, whom he uses to persuade
the man to leave the medicine behind, claims he misheard his
Krakozhian dialect for "father" as "goat" so the traveler can
leave with them. When a competitor of Keppel's asks the group to
perform at his establishment, Keppel wins a bidding war by
raising their wages to $3000 a week. When a con goes wrong, the
two find themselves in jail to be released only after their
entire fortune is rendered useless because of a recall of £50
notes. When a dancer's partner becomes pregnant, a nationwide
search is instituted to find a replacement from among college
women. When a doctor's ad for his clinic for women who want to
get pregnant, but may not be able to conceive for much longer,
Georgina's mother mentions her aunt. When a dog walker agrees to
housesit for a wealthy client with a penthouse apartment, he is
mistaken for the apartment's owner by a dog-loving neighbor. When
a drink is spilled on her dress, she goes to the powder room,
where the attendant offers to iron it. When a drunk Steff begins
mocking the couple, Blane confronts him and finally realizes that
Steff resents Andie because she had turned down Steff's advances.
When a drunkard shows "The Law" (the policeman who was pushed
over) a newspaper story about the event, the lawman suspects Bill
is going to be the climber. When a flustered Doris asks him what
he meant by asking her if she was interested in younger men, he
admits he was trying to set her up with his uncle, who is a
decade younger than Doris -- thus, a younger man. When a
football-playing bully embarrasses and attacks him, Kelp decides
to "beef up" by joining a local gym. When a friend drops out of a
poker game, Andy's co-workers David (Paul Rudd), Cal (Seth
Rogen), and Jay (Romany Malco) reluctantly invite Andy. When a
girl makes a move on Samuel, he declines, saying he's not ready
to move on yet. When a group of CIA soldiers attempt to abduct
head counselor Victor Diaz (Keith Allen), Cody helps him escape,
mistaking the CIA operation for a training exercise. When a
jockey riding the favorite dies while leading a race, she is
convinced it was murder. When a major media scandal involving
their father's night cream causing extreme skin conditions breaks
out on the news, the press soon mob the girls, causing theirs and
their father's reputation destroyed, forcing them to stay inside.
When a missile is finally launched, the guidance system fails and
the missile returns to the land, rather than out at sea. When a
misunderstanding causes Claire to incorrectly believe that Johnny
has been cheating on her with Brooke, Johnny and Claire break up.
When a polo ball hit by Gaspard breaks Priory's arm, a reluctant
Davis takes his place. When a real estate deal involving both
Denny and Terry finally goes through, construction begins in the
area surrounding their homes. When a rich customer comes into the
shop, the girl briefly wonders if he is her mysterious
benefactor. When a small boat founders nearby, Phelps jumps in to
try to rescue an Arabian woman, Mirza (Mary Astor). When a
supposed cousin from Ireland visits Vic, the alleged cousin
sabotages one of Vic's auto repair jobs, to ensure Vic's
desperation and participation in the robbery scheme introduced to
Vic by neighborhood resident Pat (Donal Logue). When a suspicious
conductor catches her smoking, Su-Su takes refuge in the
compartment of Major Philip Kirby (Ray Milland) who, believing
she is a frightened child, agrees to let her stay with him until
they reach his stop. When a teacher appears, George pulls out a
cigarette and takes the fall for Sally. When a young man from the
TV show comes to pick her up, Dixie balks and explains what
brought Eddie and her together, as well as what drove them apart.
When a young pilot, Daniel Bellamy, is presumed dead after
crashbombing an enemy aircraft carrier, the footage of the crash
and his presumably final reminiscence of walking in the park with
'Piggy' and kissing her on the nose is sent back home. When all
seems lost, the Trapalhões are saved by a mysterious weapon. When
alone at the kitchen, Cécile confronts Alain and tells him that
it is not true that he gave Claire a ride home and he then says
that he actually had a car accident, as she is about to check out
the car, Agnès faints; Alain uses that opportunity to create the
"accident" that he had, which means hitting his Jaguar with a
hammer. When an irate Joan tries to jump out of the aircraft,
Steve sees that she has her parachute on backwards and is forced
to crash land near the ghost town of Bonanza. When an unoccupied
gondola appears, its gondolier quotes a fare of 15,000 lire,
3,000 more than Julius gave them. When another blurts out the
name Jeffrey Pommeroy, thinking that he is Vada's father but of
course isn't; Vada is crushed, and wonders why her father never
mentioned this person. When another passenger in the shared cab
turns out to be a reporter, Pendergast runs after him to try to
stop him from writing about their situation. When arriving at
Ruth's, Tom is rushed to a family gathering of Abernathy's. When
arriving at their destination, he spots a woman (Jill Townsend)
in a sports car. When asked about his livelihood, Martin readily
reveals that he is a professional killer, a response taken as a
joke by everyone he meets. When asked about prom, he claims that
he had already asked somebody else but had forgotten. When asked
by a reporter which city of her European tour was her favorite,
Ann first makes a diplomatic "all were equally good" answer, but
interrupts it with an impulsive "Rome. When asked what he does,
Hlynur responds with, "Nothing". When asked why he is doing it,
he stops and turns around, saying "just passing the time", and
gives Robby the quarter. When asked, "Do you get a lot of
proposals from your male fans. When asking her where Mary is,
Penny then reveals her marriage plans to Steve and he rushes off
to stop her. When author Anton Maes (Jeroen Krabbé), comes to the
bookstore to give a reading, he shows an interest in Isabelle,
who is enamored with the intellectual world that is very
different from her traditional Jewish upbringing. When backing up
to the main road, Alain spots his wife's car with another car
behind her. When brought back to reality, Hlynur's blank slate
and effortless personality come back into the fore: "I was
thinking what a nice couch you have", he explains to the
previously slaughtered family. When by hook and by crook Gracie
manages to pass her exam and becomes the owner of the college,
she does away with entrance exams, hires a bunch of incompetent
but kooky teachers, and turns the place into a jumpin'
jitterbugging joint complete with swing bands and remote radio
broadcasts. When caught in a rain storm, they end up at an
observatory that Stanley had visited as a child. When chorus girl
Janet Jones is late for rehearsal in Edinburgh, Bates, the
chauffeur for Bruno, gives her a ride in Bruno's limousine,
starting rumours that she is engaged to the wealthiest man in
Scotland. When circumstances conspire to make it appear Bill has
murdered the inventor, he spends more time in the courtroom
promoting his wild ideas than he does defending his life. When
confronted, mrs Campbell admits she does not know which of the
three men is Gia's father. When contrasting this to Mikal's
obsession with the people in charge, she reveals that her death
was an accidental overdose. When dr Dedham returns, father and
daughter meet for the first time (Amelia: "Doctor Dedham, I
presume. When drama teacher ms Darbus notices that there were so
few sign-ups for the spring musical, Sharpay suggests she could
do a one-woman show. When elderly mr Bush (Victor Moore) is
appointed justice of the peace, he starts marrying couples on
Christmas Eve. When employment agency head Miss Holt insists that
she will not help her, the destitute Miss Pettigrew leaves the
office with an assignment intended for a colleague, unaware that
flamboyant American singer-actress Delysia Lafosse (Amy Adams)
wants a social secretary rather than a nanny. When everyone comes
home from the funeral, they gather in the living room. When
everything seems to be going perfectly, Mike comes by to tellJ.
When everything she does to make Godfrey's life miserable fails,
Cornelia plants her pearl necklace under his mattress. When
finally confronted about being an extraterrestrial by Jessie,
Celeste admits her home world is without emotion. When going over
the formalities for the wedding, Doug tells Jimmy his name will
be Bic Mitchum. When gymnastics school teacher Caroline goes on
holiday at her family's home in Cornwall, she meets her distant
mermaid relative Miranda, who looks exactly like her. When he
admits to Kitty that he has visited Anna, she accuses him of
falling in love with her. When he and Tony check it out, however,
Helen Mason (Carole Landis) informs them that the business is so
far in debt it is worthless. When he approaches Nat while she's
talking with Guy, she still doesn't reveal that he is her husband
and Guy attempts to shake him off, assuming he's an unwanted
menace. When he approaches the choir Courtney remembers his
mockery of their carnival performance and initially refuses to
let him join, but acquisces after Nikko demonstrates his talent
by performing "Break My Heart" in front of the whole group, who
are impressed by his vocals. When he arrives Nancy tells him Eve
isn't home, and while he is confused he welcomes the chance to
bathe and eat when she allows him in. When he arrives at her
home, an angry Cynthia criticizes his singing and tells him she
has no romantic interest in him as she is engaged Count Raul Du
Rienne. When he arrives at the bar that bears her name, he is
immediately attracted to the new owner, a former call girl also
named Eve. When he arrives at the client's office, Duke discovers
thatO. When he arrives at the trading post, he finds it has been
burnt down by an Indian who was sold moonshine by a lazy sneak
thief, Ben Stocker (Strother Martin). When he arrives he tells
Paul that if he were married that he would be happy to provide
all the money needed for the business. When he arrives she
performs a set, speaking about how she is pregnant and planning
to have an abortion. When he arrives, he finds Bradley already at
Caroline's apartment, swooning over Caroline and upset about
breaking up with his girlfriend. When he arrives, he is mistaken
as the school's newest principal, Harold Forndexter. When he
arrives, he sees her through her bedroom window. When he arrives,
the brothers want to shoot him, but the father refuses to allow
it while he is a guest in their mansion. When he arrives, the
press expects him to marry her, so Speed prompts the bashful Jim
into romancing Glory. When he asks her to vouch for his identity,
she obeys his earlier orders not to reveal that she knows him.
When he asks her, Cheryl turns him down because of the lack of
romantic chemistry in their relationship. When he asks if she is
going to marry Charlie, she responds that she already did that
and will not do it again. When he asks to interview her for his
column on Tess, he gets her to try on all 27 bridesmaids dresses
in her closet. When he asks who it is, she sees Peter walking
down the hallway. When he awakens, Julie is being attacked by
several zombies, including M, and R helps her fend them off. When
he begins to witness Perry’s death however, R’s thoughts
interrupt the scene in an attempt to halt it. When he boards the
train at Grand Central Terminal there is a big production number
where he and the chorus sing 'Going Hollywood'. When he calls his
boss to advise him he will be returning later than planned he is
fired. When he cannot reach her, he flies to New York. When he
comes back empty handed, 'Fearless' is crushed, until Chuck
presents Donna and Julia. When he comes to pick her up, Adam
bonds with Izzie immediately, helping her complete a mission on a
video game she was playing, in order to impress Dylan. When he
comes to, he is Larry once more. When he decides to sell the land
to Howard, Toni tries to warn him, but he refuses to speak to
her, until Pitty and Patty reveal Toni and Henry spent the night
in their barn, and Toni pretends he took advantage of her. When
he declares his love for her, her reply is the now-famous final
line of the film: "Shut up and deal", delivered with a loving and
radiant smile. When he discovers her true identity, they begin a
secret affair. When he discovers his stowaway, Diane tells him
she is poverty-stricken Maggie "Jonesy" Jones, making her way to
a slightly less poor uncle. When he discovers the identity of the
new owner, he wrongly assumes she went out with him solely to
learn what she could about the company. When he discovers they
are still married, he insists she get the marriage dissolved so
he can wed Sylvia. When he does, Jay apologizes, and Terri agrees
to finish the song they've been working on for the scholarship
contest. When he drops her off back at home, he jokes that she is
fired so that he can kiss her. When he encounters the Tatums,
Josh meets his double as well as two beautiful country cousins,
Azalea and Selena (Yvonne Craig and Pamela Austin, respectively),
who compete to win Josh's affections. When he encounters the
lovely Gloria Tatlock (Madonna), a missionary nurse who wants to
obtain a supply of opium to ease the suffering of her patients,
he decides to help her get hold of a stolen supply of the
valuable drug. When he enters the coach section, Glenn tries to
attack him, only for his path to be blocked by a male flight
attendant and Billy both pushing refreshment carts. When he
enters, Hallie has Duncan meet her father, and Duncan is informed
that there are limitations on where they can and cannot go, and
that the Secret Service will be with them the entire time. When
he evades them, Angel is disgusted that he would choose living on
the streets over a loving family, as she herself was once a house
pet. When he faints from the exertion, a doctor is called. When
he finally does, he tries to stop the wedding and convince Gloria
that they belong together. When he finds her standing outside the
terminal she confesses that she has just been robbed and is
trapped in the city. When he finds out Julia is in the house, he
confronts her drunkenly, then pretends to have a gun in his
pocket and forces her into a car being driven by the intoxicated
butler. When he finds out his boss is retiring to Arizona, he
seeks to find a way to buy the Westwind, a boat that he built
with his father. When he finds out that his new boss, Julia, is
passionate about salsa dancing, he decides that the only way he
can win her over is by re-mastering the art of dance. When he
finds out what Gwen has done he is initially furious, but he soon
sees the potential in her being there. When he finds that New
Year's Eve has arrived and he has no date, David turns to Polly.
When he finds them, Ace tells his best friend that Mima really
loves him. When he found out Yvette was an enemy spy, he had to
have her shot. When he gets them (using a bit of blackmail), he
is annoyed to discover that they actually belong to a friend of
Donna's. When he gets to Mary's home, Meekin shows him his watch;
he is minutes too late. When he gets to Nikki's apartment, he
finds her in her underwear in her bathroom. When he gets to her
house, Tracy's dad says she is at a party and Erik arrives at the
party just as Tracy has headed upstairs, presumably to lose her
virginity to her ex-boyfriend. When he goes home from the
hospital, David pushes his wheelchair. When he goes to her door,
her neighbor tells him that she's leaving for Portland by train.
When he goes to his old divorce therapist, dr Perkins (who also
disliked him), she realizes his gift and encourages him to learn
to use it to his advantage. When he goes to see her, Tira tears
up the check, and the two reconcile. When he goes to the court
and tricks Cassius into the flask, Satanist metalheads John
(Jonathan Loughran) and Peter (Peter Dante) are so thrilled with
his performance that they become his devoted fans. When he hands
her a similarly shaped box to open on Christmas Eve, she is
heartbroken to find it is a Joni Mitchell CD, meaning that the
necklace was for someone else. When he hears Lee complaining to
her lawyer about spending Christmas in jail, Jack feels guilty
and asks bondsman Fat Mike to post bail. When he inherits a piece
of property, he plans on selling it in order to facilitate the
marriage. When he inherits the mansion, he wants to sell it
immediately but it isn't that easy since people believe the
mansion is haunted. When he insists on waiting, Mibs storms out.
When he introduces Treva to his mother, she finally approves and
comes back to Earth. When he is captured, Teglash, unaware of his
identity but impressed by his musical ability, decides to spare
Mario's life and make him his personal gypsy. When he is finally
and instantly smitten with American Diane Churchill (Laura
LaPlante), he has great difficulty proving to her and her father
(Charles Winninger) that he truly loves her. When he is in
England Kouznetsoff meets the socialite woman Anne Tisdall, and
falls head over heels for her. When he is killed in an automobile
accident, his straitlaced son Wendell Armbruster, Jr. When he is
mistaken for his uncle, the heart specialist Adams seeks, he goes
along in order to meet her. When he is not working, Jimmy spends
time with his slow-witted friend and co-worker, Albert Weever
(Rags Ragland), and their good friend and neighbor Leslie Odell
(June Allyson), a former dancer who is now bedridden and
crippled. When he is thrown off his latest effort (a deodorant
commercial being filmed in the frozen north), he desperately
seeks a real movie project. When he is transferred to Paula's
office he finds the inspiration he needs to finish his soundtrack
in her hold music. When he is unable to dissuade her, they jump
in together, but the volcano erupts at that moment, blowing them
out into the ocean. When he is unsuccessful, he continues to
break things (such as the air conditioning) in an effort to find
his woman. When he isn't doing odd motivational research for a
San Francisco firm, he plays ragtime piano and makes bad puns.
When he kisses her at the entrance, she slaps him and reminds him
that she's on her honeymoon. When he later accrues a $3,200
gambling debt to her, Consuelo agrees to hire him as her
secretary to work off what he owes her. When he learns that
Amelia is planning to leave the academy for financial reasons,
Julius—who has a crush on the much younger violinist—secretly
arranges for a second scholarship that will allow her to continue
her studies. When he learns the "newlyweds" have no place to
stay, Eugenio invites them to his house, where they are welcomed
by his mother, Maria (Miriam Margolyes). When he looks at the
person in the bed next to his, he sees Mikal. When he makes a
pass at her, she panics and flees, much to his amusement. When he
manages to trump Darcy out of her idea for a new Nike ad campaign
aimed at women, he later regrets his selfishness, especially as
it leads to her being fired. When he meets Ellen, he mistakenly
assumes she is a certain kind of lady hired by Cleves to
entertain him. When he meets them for the first time, little
sister Helen (Bessie Love) is delighted by the advantages he will
bring, but cousin Henry starts lecturing him on the virtues of
the downtrodden middle class. When he needs to go to the hospital
Maria refuses to go with him because she isn't his wife, and he
makes a public plea for her to marry him again. When he next saw
Jenny, at a high school party, Connor ignored her and kissed
another girl named Allison, whom he had his first sexual
encounter with. When he notices Julia had followed him to the
club, he's elated and finally plucks up the courage to ask her to
dance. When he opens the box, Davis also finds Nicole's
engagement ring. When he picks Rosalee up for a date he leaves a
good impression on Rosalee's father, who had studied hard for the
encounter. When he proposes marriage, she hastily accepts and
rushes into the proceedings -- with the intention to scare him
off -- much to his surprise. When he proposes they get married
that very night, Dolly is shocked, but accepts. When he reaches
Paris, Bob visits Serge Vitry (Preston Sturges), a writer whose
script Bob has come to purchase, but is told that Vitry is no
longer interested in comedy: he is writing a true-life drama
which he is going to produce himself. When he reads the article,
he is outraged and sues her for libel. When he realises that the
two young lovers Alan and Jean, who are checking in, aren't
married, he tries to force them into single rooms on separate
floors. When he realizes he is Angelina's husband, he offers to
free him if she dines with him that night, but she fails to
rendezvous with him. When he realizes her love is true, the two
reconcile. When he realizes that she truly loves him, he begins
speaking, systematically punching holes in Cedar's case—when he
asks the Faulkners who else is pixilated, they reply, "Why
everyone, but us"—before actually punching Cedar in the face.
When he realizes that the ship is passing by Haleakaloha, French
Polynesia, and not actually stopping there, he jumps ship to swim
to the island. When he receives the blanket, he repeats to the
therapist that he is still cold and perhaps standing would make
him feel better. When he refuses to take it back, she accuses him
of using her to hide out from the police. When he remains alive,
he upbraids the newly arrived dr Dumont for his faulty prognosis.
When he replies that he has failed and given all the money away,
Epifania is deeply offended. When he responds that he is, she
finally realizes he is no good for her and breaks up with him for
good. When he returns from the hike, a building inspector tells
him that the building repairs are insufficient. When he returns
home late to his apartment building drunk, he is mugged by two
African American youths. When he returns home with the kayak
paddle Ricky accidentally left behind, he meets a woman (Marilyn
Monroe), who is a commercial actress and former model who rents
the apartment upstairs while in town to make television spots for
a brand of toothpaste. When he returns home, he undergoes a
strange transformation and discovers he is a werewolf. When he
returns however, Julie is gone. When he returns to the pizzeria
with Babe, he learns that Hallmark is interested in buying one of
his greeting cards: the one he wrote for Babe when he professed
his love for her. When he returns to the town, his memory has
been partly restored and he remembers that he had found a large
gold deposit, that the deposit was close to a certain cabin and
that he had stayed in the cabin with the Prospector. When he
returns to the wedding both wedding parties have joined together
and he meets a drunken returning Sophie. When he returns, he
discovers that Kay has left. When he returns, he's horrified to
see that everything is different; the piles of newspaper are
stacked neatly, rotting food from the fridge is thrown away and
has a new shower curtain. When he returns, his friends are over,
and Lana has invited another prostitute Vicki to stay, but Joel
rejects the idea. When he reveals that the princess is a sham
aiming to relieve Fred of his money, she realises she cannot go
on with Gordon and returns to warn her husband. When he runs
afoul of his current sponsor, Jim Catty (Warren Stevens) of Zenon
Oil, by dumping a load of wet concrete on him, he has to find a
new one. When he runs out on noticing them, he is ambushed and
viciously attacked. When he seeks the help of a sex guru named
Pheb (Josh Holloway), who actually teaches a private class to
help socially inept men learn how to please the opposite sex,
Ben's luck changes drastically. When he sees "The Girl" (Mildred
Davis), surrounded by a flock of admirers, he suddenly asks her
to marry him. When he sees an ultrasound of his soon-to-be-born
son, he decides that it is time to take responsibility before it
is too late. When he sees her distracted by the pressures of
being a queen, Paul leaves in frustration. When he sees her
portrait, Teglash is puzzled by the fact she is wearning an
ermine coat but no shoes. When he sees her, he raises a fuss and
gets released. When he sees how much happier she is after she
goes out with Tony, he tries to get Tony to marry Jo himself, but
the young man is not interested in matrimony and views Jo more as
a sister. When he sets his grievances on fire, Tom Valco sneaks
up behind him and knocks him out with a shovel. When he shatters
the orb, Ozzy Osbourne appears, bites Adrian's head off, and
spits it into the flask. When he sobered up, he had second
thoughts. When he suggests the Winchester, Liz breaks up with
him. When he suggests the idea of being the closest thing to a
father Mikey has, Mollie tells him that he's like a big kid and
is not responsible enough to be a father. When he takes Jenny
into a cave and lights a fire to keep her warm, she realizes that
he is the one that cares for her the most. When he takes her
boating, their rower, Johann Kellermann, turns his back to them
to give them some privacy. When he tells Alice, he expects her to
be jealous, but instead she is turned on. When he tells Mibs
about his windfall, she does not believe his story either. When
he tells his parents, the family flies to Rome to stop Lizzie and
bring her home. When he tries to call Lana, Guido answers; he
tells Joel that he will let Joel buy back his furniture. When he
tries to call a friend to come loan him the money he finds his
phone has died. When he tries to get closer to his daughter, she
resents him for trying after so many years of neglect. When he
tries to kiss her, she resists at first, then willingly gives in,
while a somewhat sad Miranda watches. When he tries to push her
past her personal limits, she protests, in the process passing
his test with ease. When he turns, he sees the drenched female
cat leering at him and begins to panic, realizing that he is now
the victim of love. When he unintentionally gets her fired from
her day job, Andy hires her as a secretary, just to keep Norman
happy (and writing). When he visits his friend's daughter's
elementary school for Career Day, he rambles about his problems,
boring the kids, and embarrassing himself in front of the
teacher, Stella (Hunt). When he wakes up the next morning, Sutter
realizes that he asked Aimee to prom while drunk and instant
messages Cassidy to hang out. When he wakes up, he realizes he
still loves his ex-wife. When he was informed, he decided to
break off the affair, but was ordered to feed her false
information in advance of an important counterattack. When he
woke up, he was lying on a table in front of Praetorius, who was
at that time a medical student examining what he believed was a
cadaver. When he's talking with Tish, he asks her to start dating
nice guys, but Tish, quickly glancing at Priestly, says that good
guys don't ask girls like her out. When her article is printed in
the newspaper, she receives high praise from her teachers and
friends and finally earns her dream job at the newspaper office.
When her best friend offers to pay for a trip-for-two to Greece,
she packs her bags, leaves a note on the cupboard door in the
kitchen, and heads for a fortnight of rest and relaxation. When
her biological father fails to accommodate her, Sean invites
Wendy to stay in his apartment. When her boyfriend finds out that
Will has been following Emma, he calls the Los Angeles police and
claims it was Will who committed the killing. When her brother in
law decides to sleep over at the hospital, Jennifer agrees to
take their two children for the night. When her family turns up,
she pretends to be the wife of the absent owner who, in turn,
returns. When her father dies, orphan teenager Tamahine (Nancy
Kwan) is sent from her South Pacific island home to live with
Charles Poole (Dennis Price), her father's cousin and the
headmaster of Hallow, a prestigious all-male English school. When
her friend May sees this, she claims that Smokey has fallen in
love with Ed. When her husband (Purnell Pratt) shows up shortly
after, and Agatha hides in the bedroom while the two men have a
discussion about marital issues, Helene once again becomes
disenchanted with Carter, and resigns her position. When her long
absences go unexplained, Jack forces Jill to confess that her
disappearances are a result of the treatment she needs for cystic
fibrosis, an ultimately terminal illness. When her lover does not
come to rescue her, she desperately casts a spell upon herself to
stop falling in love due to heartbreak, only to die soon after.
When her personal secretary, (Charlotte Merriam), can no longer
take the long hours of work and quits, Lois hires Tom Sheridan
(David Manners), a handsome man who happens to come by the office
to demonstrate a rowing machine, as her new secretary. When her
stepsisters come in, they slam the door, causing a guitar to fall
off the wall, tearing the wallpaper down with it and blame it on
Sam. When her uncle (Jobson) indicated that he wanted her to meet
a certain man, she decided that she wanted to marry a foreigner,
saying she wanted a man with a past rather than a future. When
his bid is unsuccessful, he teams up with colleague Duke Ferrell
(Buddy Ebsen) to buy their employer a successful racehorse,
Lucero, in the hope that this will compensate for the failed bid.
When his boss, Oxnard Parsons (Ferris Taylor), gives him a raise
from $30 a month to $40, his girlfriend Violet's (Jane Wyman)
mother, mrs Coney (Cora Witherspoon), decides that it is time for
the two to get married. When his bus drives away and Robby tries
it out himself, the sun heightens with each tap, time literally
passing as he does it. When his colleagues assume it was thrown
by someone from the ruling conservative party, a brawl breaks
out, and Johann and the Prime Minister hastily depart. When his
editor, mr Hennessy (Hartley Power), asks why Joe is late, Joe
lies, claiming to have attended the princess' press conference.
When his first two prophecies turn out to be correct, Kerrigan
panics and again meets with Jack, asking him for another prophecy
so that she can prove it wrong, which would imply uncertainty of
her death. When his leave is canceled because his unit is
relocating, he begs Maisie to deliver a letter to Gloria in
person. When his older neighbor, Claire (Annie Ross), hears from
another neighbor that Alfie can't move, she lets herself into his
apartment and serves him tea. When his parents died, Doug took
over the business, and work consumed him, leaving him without a
best man. When his parents go away on a trip, Joel's friend,
Miles, convinces him to take advantage of his newfound freedom to
have some fun. When his picture makes the front page of the
newspapers, the Girl recognizes him and gets him released. When
his sister starts abusing him again, Barry snaps and demands she
give him the information, which she does. When his young staff
experience problems in their personal lives, he routinely reminds
them they can seek him out for advice. When house mother mrs
Meers (Beatrice Lillie) learns Miss Dorothy is an orphan, she
remarks, "Sad to be all alone in the world". When it becomes
clear that this weapon has no wartime applications and is
intended solely for illegal assassinations, one agent decries the
project as immoral and refuses to take part. When it comes time
for Zack and Miri to have sex on camera, they find that instead
of the clinical sex enacted by the actors in the other scenes,
their interlude is romantic and heartfelt. When it grows dark,
the Canfield men decide to continue their murderous search the
next day. When it is Spectacular. When it is all straightened
out, Lisa returns to her apartment, where she finds Sandy. When
it is announced that the Russian Junior Chess Team is coming to
play Hatley High, the whole town is thrown into a frenzy. When it
is time for guests to make a toast to the bride and groom, Tim
unexpectedly jumps up to give his toast to Joanna. When it seems
Matt has lost, he leaves the stage and comes back playing the
bagpipes to the tune of "Play That Funky Music" to win the duel.
When it turns out this is the hated writer, she starts seriously
to lose her bearings. When it's discovered that he split up with
Nat, the two are shocked. When local police and the FBI arrive,
Vladimir stands up to his controllers and defects with news
cameras rolling. When looking back at the movie in linear
fashion, it starts with an unexpected phone call from Alison to
Wes on a winter evening. When money is tight, Schatze pawns some
of Freddie's furniture, without his knowledge. When moving their
bags to Miss Puerto Rico's room, a bag falls off the cart onto
the luggage room floor. When mr Norman catches Bill trying to
"borrow" his yacht, they make a wager. When mrs Cheveley
pointedly informs Lady Chiltern of Sir Robert's change of heart
regarding the canal scheme, the morally inflexible Lady Chiltern,
unaware of both her husband's past and the blackmail plot,
insists that Sir Robert renege on his promise. When mrs Lloyd
enters the room, she realies that it is exactly the same as the
one Basil showed her. When mrs Meers finally succeeds, Millie
finds Trevor drowning his sorrows, and he tells her Miss Dorothy
stood him up and checked out of the hotel. When mrs Paxton
accuses Jess of being a hypocrite and a lesbian, Jules grabs her
mother and runs off in shame. When nerdy Adam Sorenson (Paul
Rudd), an English Literature major at Mercy, a fictitious
Midwestern college, meets Evelyn Ann Thompson (Rachel Weisz), an
attractive graduate art student, at the local museum where he
works, his life takes an unexpected turn. When not in school, Ty
spends time among Marisa’s fellow hotel workers, who think she is
capable of being promoted to management. When one of Paul's
friends shows up unexpectedly and finds them dining together,
Paul introduces Dorothy as his wife to avoid a scandal. When one
of her suitors, a loathsome dentist named Elliott (Stanley
Tucci), proposes marriage to her, she offers to say yes, but only
if he agrees to play "William Tell" with an apple on his head.
When one of the money laundering scams at Michael's auction house
goes wrong, Gina's cousin Johnny confronts and assaults Michael.
When one of them tries to make an insulting comeback Muriel and
Rhonda just laugh it off as Muriel with her more confident
attitude no longer cares about what they think of her. When
questioned about Milady's execution, d'Artagnan presents her
letter of pardon as his own. When questioned about his sudden
departure shortly before the wedding is to take place, Hannah
informs Colin that Tom is just afraid of losing her. When
questioned about this, Gwen, who it becomes clear is a natural
liar, says that she is Newton's wife. When ready, his friends
convince him to enter the local nightclub's salsa dance
competition, with the idea that he'll invite Julia to be his
dance partner. When rehearsing a new piece for a welcoming party
dedicated to Bob Terry, a new crewmember, Tad learns that Bob has
been drafted to the army and will not be joining the team nor be
attending the party. When seat filling at the Video Beat awards
gala, Derrick meets popular R&B singer Jhnelle, who mistakes him
for a regular guest. When serviceman and author Jim Scott
(William Lundigan) returns from Paris to his hometown, New York
City, he is flabbergasted to discover that his well-meaning but
unrealistic wife Connie (June Haver) has invested his wages in a
run-down apartment building. When she accuses him of being
deceptive he points out that the requirement was "Must love
dogs," not "Must own a dog". When she advises her family of mr
Asano's desire to court her, mrs Jacoby's daughter, whose loyalty
is to her mother rather than her husband, objects to the
possibility of an interracial marriage. When she and James, two
kindred nerd spirits fall clumsily into love they must overcome
the expectations of her parents. When she and Jimmy conspire to
make Gert (Geraldine Page) reveal her true age at long last, the
result is a public brawl between the two women. When she and Lord
Goring confront each other, mrs Cheveley makes a proposal. When
she and her father need more money to pay the bills, Kim goes
looking for a job with better pay. When she arrives at the
embassy she is lectured upon the sense of duty she must display,
but (visibly pained) retorts that without such a sense, she would
never have returned. When she arrives at the prom, Andie has
second thoughts about braving the crowd on her own until she sees
Duckie walk out. When she arrives early, Jim asks for help from
band geek Michelle (Alyson Hannigan), humiliating himself in
front of the audience when he pretends to be Petey, a mentally
challenged boy who plays the trombone. When she arrives home she
finds a 16&nbsp;mm movie projector in her room with a note from
Pete telling her to run it. When she arrives home, she is
confronted by Nicholas who accuses her of an affair. When she
arrives the anaesthetic has kicked in and Alain lies unconscious
in the middle of the field, Claire manages to wake him up. When
she arrives, a vision in pink, they have a drink and he lies
about being married. When she asks him what he looks for in a
woman, she is touched by what he shares with her and gets a new,
enlightened view of him (ie, that there is more to Vinny than the
desperate, pathetic, trying-too-hard act she saw in him at the
resort). When she became drunk and rowdy, the manager deposited
her in Polly's trailer to sleep. When she brings a customer from
the art gallery home one evening, Brooke finds the condo cleaned
and Gary preparing a fancy dinner to win her back. When she
brings it to Ugo, roaring drunk after his duel, he says it is so
valuable that she must keep it and just give him a photocopy.
When she calls up her phone, Kirk answers and arranges a time to
meet the following evening so that Kirk can return it. When she
cannot find in the wreckage the medals she welded to the
helicopter for good luck, she guesses the truth. When she comes
back home, she explains to Boris that she didn't like Perry
because he loved everything in the world too much. When she
conveniently faints again, Bob gives in, but only until they
reach the next town. When she decides to love Shep, Gillian's cat
and familiar, Pyewacket, becomes agitated and leaves. When she
denies the baby is hers inside, the staff disbelieve her, having
experienced countless women ashamed to admit that they bore a
child out of wedlock. When she dials Sadiq to tell him that she
has decided to marry Frederick, she finds he has turned off his
phone. When she disappears from the school prom with her new
boyfriend BZ to go find a motel, Helen is forced to call in Jenny
as back-up to search all over New York to find Audrey. When she
discovers that Ronald works in the government sanitation
department (and approves of dumping garbage into the ocean), she
dumps a tureen of cold soup on his head. When she discovers that
he has been holding onto the book for years, she grows upset and
asks him to leave. When she discovers that the man's current
girlfriend Marguerite (Rosita Moreno) is actually part of a
scheme to swindle him out of an option of a nitrate mine
concession in Chile he bought, she devises a plot to save him and
expose the con artist, Marguerite's husband Ramon Cintos (Rafael
Corio). When she does not arrive until midnight, he walks alone
through the streets, desperate. When she does not produce it, the
father threatens her with the police, unless she agrees to leave
town and never come back. When she does, a helicopter appears and
Arroyo and the SWAT team come onto the roof to arrest Miletto,
Crenshaw, and everyone else. When she drops him off, Mickey
kisses Pearl and asks her to marry him, but she just laughs,
calling him crazy, although she invites him to drop by her place,
and gives him Eve's address and phone number. When she eats a
bystander, he drives away, with her in the car. When she faints,
he picks her up and carries her into another bedroom. When she
falls asleep, he tries to leave her room, but discovers that the
door handle has fallen off, trapping him inside. When she falls
in love with a mysterious young man who lives in a lighthouse in
Northern California, a secret unravels and cultures clash,
challenging all the tradition Shirin grew up with - and she re-
discovers herself in the process. When she feels her cold fiancé
dr Ted Gallagher is slipping away, she decides to seduce him by
dressing up in a white corset, suspenders, underwear, stockings
and pink high heels. When she feels like she shouldn't, Harley
tells her to leave and she becomes upset and starts throwing
drink and food at him. When she finally gets around to Tom, he
casually admits a net worth around $200 million, and lists an
array of holdings, which none of the others appear to take
seriously. When she finally gets him where she wants him, she
leaves and returns to London. When she finds herself dumped by
her boyfriend, Evelyn seeks comfort in Zach, her assistant who
shows a different side of him. When she finds out that he's just
a forest ranger, she is very disappointed, but Loco realizes that
she loves him and is willing to overlook his financial
shortcomings. When she finds out they only want Boi, she becomes
discouraged. When she finds out, she demands they both leave the
next day. When she first meets Sydney she believes that she's not
"Kappa material" and doesn't care that she's a legacy. When she
gets in her car though, she finds the seat suspiciously left all
the way back and discovers a bottle of pills under it. When she
gets out of jail, she cuts short her trip and returns to
Braymore. When she gets to his room, her drunk cousin is there,
trying to have sex with him. When she goes to Matt's hotel room
to get the money, they kiss as a call comes and Anne suspects
that it is his wife but he promises it is his niece. When she
goes to have dinner at his apartment, an alarmed Helene goes to
track her down to prevent anything untoward from occurring. When
she goes to her unfaithful boyfriend Morley for help, all he
gives her is a train ticket back to where she came from. When she
goes to see Tommy for the last time, Ralph informs her that the
boy had been taken an hour before. When she goes to see Willows,
she expects an older man and is thrown off-balance by his youth
and charm. When she goes to see him, he locks her in a room and
she escapes by a skylight. When she goes to the bus station, she
encounters Sergeant Bill Fullerton (Tom Drake), who is also going
to Reno. When she goes to the employment agency, she is surprised
to discover that she is too beautiful for one position. When she
goes, Don tells her that he loves her. When she has a
miscarriage, Daphne breaks up with him, believing that they were
really staying in the relationship for the baby. When she has a
relationship with rockstar Ben Sergeant she unknowingly
infatuates two teenage girlfriends, Casey and Jody, who start to
intermingle with her affairs. When she hears about it, she
becomes upset and Charlie tries to explain that it was a long
time ago and he was under the influence of alcohol when it
happened. When she hears that Vronsky is about to leave for a
military posting in Tashkent, she becomes desperate. When she
informs Andy, he is uncertain how to react. When she informs
Doug, he advises her to never tell her future husband why she is
marrying him, because "A man likes to think he's loved for
himself alone". When she interrupts him, he first assumes it to
be guilt based on his vows, but she tells him she is in love with
Jake and finally admits that she and Jake have been seeing each
other secretly for months. When she is asked if she's "one of
those Mary Kaye ladies," she replies, "No, we're pink, they're
more salmon". When she is finally invited to her first high-end
soiree, a Junior Committee meet-and-greet for a prestigious opera
company, she is accidentally mistaken for an heiress from Hong
Kong, also named Grace Tang. When she is finishing up her web
cast, Todd comes by riding a lawnmower and tells her to come
outside. When she is mistaken for the war bride of a lieutenant,
she goes along. When she is ordered to close down the plant and
put the entire community out of work, she's forced to reconsider
her goals and priorities, and finds a way to save the town. When
she is presently released, d'Artagnan falls in love at first
sight with her. When she is sent to Berlin as a correspondent,
Tom pursues her with both of them again on the run as Hitler
invades Poland. When she is threatened by gangsters for snooping
around, she turns for help to Assistant District Attorney Paul
Shaughnessy (Atkins). When she is unable to perform topless,
Ralph meets her backstage. When she lands an audition for the
lead role in a massive movie franchise based on the 'Prince of
Chaos' novels by legendary author Horatio King, she goes after
the opportunity with all guns blazing. When she learns at a
company Christmas party that he is engaged to be married, Iris
despairs over the state of affairs in her life. When she learns
he is about to marry an old college enemy of hers, Merle
Kittridge (Janice Rule), Gillian takes revenge by casting a love
spell on Shep, and she eventually falls for him herself. When she
learns of this, Jennifer sets out to turn the tables on the
bumbling Cripps by pretending that she is a spy, a charade that
eventually exposes a real spy. When she learns that "half of
everything" would apply if the papers had been served under New
York law, Sara offers Joe a million dollars to serve her husband
and rip up her papers. When she learns that Paul and Caroline
plan to elope, Jenny arranges it so that Caroline learns the
truth: that Paul is only after her wealth. When she learns that
Wainwright is auditioning young musicians for a children's
concert tour, Cynthia dons braces and bobby sox and passes
herself off as a child prodigy. When she learns that someone
else, the owner of the local saloon, Ned Trent (John Hodiak),
wrote the letters as a joke, she confronts him and tells him off,
in the process endearing herself to him. When she learns thatJ.
When she leaves he redials the last phone and sees that Claire
was not talking to her mother but to Cécile. When she leaves,
Tommy sees her get into a delivery van with her employer's name
on it. When she leaves, taking only her peasant costume from the
ball, Giulio is happily waiting for her. When she looks at the
stage, she sees that it's Charlie and realizes that she did not
know everything about him. When she looks inside, she sees baby
pictures of her and Charlie, which resemble their children. When
she manages to get the interest of a group of Norwegian
investors, Richard shares an important confidential project with
her. When she meets Phillip, she lies to him and tells him her
name is Marsha Lyons. When she misses a lunch date while in jail,
he writes her a letter, abandons his butler position, and returns
to Evelyn and his life as a businessman. When she moves in with
him, things become very tense. When she narrowly misses being the
victim of an armed robbery in a store, she gets on a bus and
travels to where her family used to have a vacation cottage in
Massachusetts. When she offers to renew their relationship, he
turns her down, saying they are from two different worlds. When
she overhears her father, Howard (an uncredited Paul Harvey),
complain that the military has taken all of the salesmen of his
oil rig supply company, she volunteers to take their place. When
she proposes that they both go out and have a drink to celebrate
their mutual misery, Eliot explains that after his phone call,
the night actually got better for him. When she questions him
about Janet, he swears it's over. When she questions him, he
admits to being with Julie, but he reassures her that Julie is
very sick in bed. When she quietly goes into her house, she
overhears her parents having a vicious argument. When she
receives her credit card bill, Rob's mom tries to talk to him
about buying underwear, prompting Rob to sarcastically say that
he likes wearing women's underwear. When she receives notice of
Alan and Elizabeth's return from their honeymoon, she pretends
she no longer has feelings for Alan. When she rejects him, he is
pleased, certain that she has feelings for his alter-ego. When
she rejects his proposal, Rene commits suicide, enhancing
Venice's reputation as a heartbreaking vixen. When she returns
Otto and Leo explain to an incredulous and incandescent Ernest
that Gilda's formal status as his wife is irrelevant. When she
returns home, Bubba starts hinting to Justine that he knows about
her affair with Holden. When she returns home, she learns that
Nick has just left on his honeymoon with his second wife. When
she returns home, she realizes Shelly had just had a baby boy,
who has a crying spell. When she returns in the company of her
handsome music teacher, Armand Duvalle (Alexander D'Arcy), Jerry
learns that Lucy spent the night in the country with Armand,
after his car, they claim, broke down unexpectedly. When she
returns to Ridgecrest to her attend her older brother's Georgia
King (Kristin Chenoweth) planned wedding, she discovers that Will
is about to marry a girl named Joanna, who happens to be J-J.
When she returns to the office with the news, accompanied by the
seller and Ellen's boyfriend, Assistant District Attorney Ralph
Winton (Stephen Dunne), Dick has to play along. When she returns,
she plans to tell Will that she loves him, but discovers that he
is planning to propose marriage to Summer. When she runs outside,
Pepé is there already, as was foretold. When she rushes home,
Marlin and Doug are forced to admit their ruse (and presumably
not for the first time; when Marlin sees Lucy's frantic behavior
as her truck pulls up to the house, he immediately realizes what
happened and loudly announces to Doug that Lucy "had a bad day").
When she searches for Green to confess, she finds him in the
shadow of a cross, dying. When she sees his wedding ring, he
backtracks but she is unconcerned, having no designs on him, only
on his air-conditioning. When she sees the way their son's death
affects him, after years of his hiding it, Tillie and Pete leave
side by side. When she sells the ticket to another passenger and
Daniel finds his seatmate is an obnoxiously loud woman instead of
the girl of his dreams, he moves back to the Economy section and
takes the vacant seat next to Martha. When she shows up at
school, he tries to get rid of her, but she won't leave. When she
stalls at fulfilling her end of their deal, Nelly strips Peggy of
her dress and shoes to make his point that he owns her. When she
starts inviting him to hang out with her, the teenager is
stunned—as is his single mother Karen. When she suspects that pat
is taking an early train in order to make a sale on board the
train, she boards the train and beats him to the customer. When
she takes him to her bedroom, however, her jealous half-brother
Arthur intervenes (it is later revealed that he is her secret
lover). When she tells Ed, he is shocked, but incredibly turned
on. When she tells Michael what she has done, he is less than
thrilled. When she tells him her secret, at first he thinks it's
a joke. When she tells him she has not eaten in two days, he
persuades her to share the group's dinner. When she tracks him
down, he doesn't remember her. When she tries to escape, he
chains her up. When she tries to get a part in a Broadway
musical, Tod intercedes with director Patch Gallagher (Clark
Gable) to get her the job: he will put his money into the show,
if Janie is given a part in the chorus. When she tries to keep
the conversation professional, Nick asks her to okay a possible
reception locale. When she turns him down, he proceeds to stalk
her until, after another car chase, she finally agrees to a date.
When she unwittingly discovers her ex-husband's corpse --frozen
in Green's wine cellar-- she is initially angry, but after Green
explains what happened and tells her that he loves her, she
agrees to marry him. When she visits Chuck to have it fixed, he
asks her to go out with him instead of paying him. When she
wishes aloud that she had a more attentive spouse, her Guardian
Angel – coincidentally the mirror image of her favorite movie
star (Mason) – appears. When she worries that she will become
unhappy like her mother, Greta assures Bridget that she is
stronger than her mother. When six months have passed, Ed has
reached his goal, but he has also made enemies. When tests prove
that he is perfectly healthy, he is initially overjoyed, but then
despairs that his life is meaningless. When that fails, he
screens the film footage he had taken. When that plan falls
through, she stumbles upon Ellen Daley (Mildred Coles), a young
lady who is looking for a job as a secretary. When the "Blossom
Queen" winner is announced; Dylan wins the title like her mother
did, to Dylan's amazement and Nicole's horror and anger, as she
storms off of the stage. When the Careys arrive in Beulah they
realize they're slightly out-of-place although the town welcomes
them. When the Carraways appear to see the revised sketch, she
changes it, without Gary's knowledge, making it worse than
before. When the Douglas DST airliner returns to New York because
of bad weather, the crew cannot wake her. When the General tries
the weapons he finds out he has been sold duds and plans to
notify his government. When the Germans invade Poland, the
weapons prove to be defective. When the Macon tries to dock,
Martin is accidentally caught on a guide rope and is hoisted into
the air. When the Manhattan investment firm of Sherwood Nash
(William Powell) goes broke, he joins forces with his partner
Snap (Frank McHugh) and fashion designer Lynn Mason (Bette Davis)
to provide discount shops with cheap copies of Paris couture
dresses. When the Moore's cook arrives at the house the next
morning, she finds the Burtons asleep in the taxi, and believes
them to be deceased. When the Professor tries to get Steve to
train properly (without women and liquor), Steve gets angry and
slaps him, ending their partnership. When the Prospector agrees
to don his old clothes for a photograph, he falls down the
stairs, encountering Georgia once more. When the Prospector is
handed the note, he goes searching for Georgia. When the
Republican presidential hopeful Senator Bob Rumson learns "the
President's got a girlfriend," he steps up his attacks on
Shepherd and Wade, focusing on Wade's activist past and maligning
Shepherd's ethics and his family values. When the Sommerfields'
son, Jeff (Richard Carlson), returns unexpectedly after a year
and a half away studying the Eskimos, he introduces the family to
his new fiancee, mathematician Sylvia Norwood (Frances Drake).
When the Tramp returns to the mansion, the Millionaire has
sobered-up and does not remember him, so he has the butler order
him out. When the agreed upon date arrives, he travels to the
mountain but the Girl does not show up. When the airport
employees hear from Gupta of the incident in customs with the
Russian and what Viktor did, Viktor finds himself respected and
admired for his kind-hearted actions, with many stores showing
off photocopied images of his hand that had been accidentally
made. When the audience clamors for Lina to sing live, Don,
Cosmo, andF. When the audience laughs at Dylan's behavior towards
the beginning of Josh's film, dubbed "The Popularity Project",
Dylan runs out crying as Josh runs after her. When the baby
arrives, Polly is flabbergasted. When the baby finally falls
asleep in his carriage, Stanley joins some friendly neighborhood
boys in a game of football and loses track of time. When the baby
is six months old, Kay joins Buckley on a brief business trip and
leaves the baby with her parents, hoping to give Stanley time to
grow closer to his grandson. When the bailiff shows up, Raymond
pays off the outstanding debt, collects his wages, and informs
Crystal that they can be married on the ship taking them to a
fresh start in a new country. When the bank examiner arrives to
review their records, George berates his uncle for endangering
the Building and Loan, goes home and takes out his frustration on
his family. When the bewildered woman goes to comply, she finds
Tommy sleeping on her bed, and Doug stands behind her with a
smile on his face. When the bird drinks from the toilet polluted
with drugs, it flies away. When the butler, Shep (Charles
Butterworth), tells her the cornflowers sent to her last wedding
were from Jeff and not Dill, Mary realizes she loves Jeff
instead. When the callback list is posted, Sharpay discovers that
she has competition for the lead in the musical, and the rest of
the Wildcats are shocked that Troy and Gabriella have auditioned.
When the capricious Leslie Lutrell spontaneously visits his café,
she also falls for him. When the car has a breakdown, Rahul and
Meena quarrel and part ways. When the cast is forced to perform
the show live, he improvises a grand speech on camera, pulls off
his wig and reveals that he is actually the character's twin
brother who took her place to avenge her. When the castle is
threatened by Hungarian hussars led by Colonel Teglash on their
wedding night, Mario flees. When the classy and elegant Brandi
(Lynn Whitfield) steps out of a limousine to enter the club,
Darnell feels that he's met his ultimate prize. When the college
trustees oppose Angela's presence on campus, Palmer staunchly
defends her right to an education. When the company does poorly,
he will have to fire somebody; Molly is the obvious choice. When
the concoction is applied to the eyelids of a sleeping person,
that person, upon waking, falls in love with the first living
thing they perceive. When the contestants at the mr Universe show
discover that the prize money has been stolen, they run after Joe
Santo, who himself is actually running to try to meet Mary Tate.
When the couple and delivery workers abandon the couch, Manuel
sees it as a sign from God and decides that he and Dado bring it
back to their dormitory. When the couple go to New York, Jim
refuses to let his wife perform without him. When the cruise ship
finally returns to port, Burke learns his girlfriend has married
the ship's doctor, now recovered from his illness. When the day
arrives Mary leaves Penny to coordinate the Donolly wedding
before she goes to the town hall to marry Massimo. When the
directors find out, they fire Amelia. When the divorcees arrive
they are not at all embarrassed. When the elder Osborne visits
the school, he recognizes Susan and reveals her identity to
Pamela, who threatens to expose her and Philip and create a
public scandal unless Susan leaves immediately. When the elder
Prentice tells John that he is making a huge mistake, John says
that his father thinks of himself as a black man, whereas John
thinks of himself as a man. When the factory in Molkom shuts
down, Robin leaves his beloved hometown to try his luck in
Stockholm as a wedding photographer. When the falsity of Monica's
claim is revealed, Geoffrey and Alice reconcile as well. When the
family baby, Jim Jr. When the film is shown, the press, cast and
crew discover that Weidmann junked the script; he made a "reality
movie", composed of footage shot making the film (most without
the actors' knowledge). When the finals come, world champion Tara
(Tara Dakides, as herself) pulls out and gives up her chances of
winning to Kim. When the first out-of-town tryout in New Haven
proves to be a disaster, Tony persuades Jeffrey to let him
convert the production back into what the Martons had originally
envisioned. When the four find Mama Odie, she tells them that
Naveen must kiss a true princess in order to break the spell.
When the funds run out before the homes are built, she accepts
full responsibility, believing that her own incompetence was to
blame. When the gang leader orders Albert to punch Jimmy, Albert
punches the leader instead, and a brawl ensues. When the girl
takes hold of his hand to place the coin in it, she recognizes
the touch of his hand and realizes he is no stranger. When the
girls start working at the dairy, it quickly becomes their worst
nightmare. When the hay is loaded onto a ship bound for Arabia,
so are they. When the herding car is mired during a river
crossing, Chips shoots a crocodile that is threatening Kurt, and
a strong friendship develops between them. When the horse
finishes dead last, a furious Moran demands the Kid pay him
$10,000 (the amount he would have won) by Christmas Eve, or the
Kid "won't make it to New Year's". When the hotel clerk informs
them that Russ and Mitzi left the hotel from one way and Monty
and Dorothy left from another exit, Gidget and Jeff wait for them
in her parents' suite. When the initial shock wears off, she
nervously begins her new life. When the instructors ask her what
she is doing at the school, she replies with, “I‘m here for the
same reason that every other smart girl’s here - to, uh, get a
chance to meet nice men. When the joint is raided by the police
after being tipped off by informant "Toothpick" Charlie (George
Stone), Joe and Jerry flee—only to accidentally witness Spats and
his henchmen exacting his revenge on "Toothpick" and his own gang
(inspired by the real-life Saint Valentine's Day Massacre). When
the laser beam hits the house, it is diffused by a prism placed
by Chris and the popcorn heats and expands; the house bursts at
the seams as popcorn pours out onto the lawn. When the leaders of
Celeste's home world report in, they ask her to destroy the
planet Earth until Steven and she manage to convince them it was
not an act of aggression, but an accident. When the letter causes
a sensation among readers, and the paper's competition suspects a
fraud and starts to investigate, editor Henry Connell (James
Gleason) is persuaded to rehire Mitchell, who schemes to boost
the newspaper's sales by exploiting the fictional John Doe. When
the local militia arrives in town to exhume and destroy dead
bodies, Elizabeth becomes friendly with one of the soldiers,
George Wickham, who claims that Darcy cheated Wickham out of an
inheritance. When the magnate decides to take a long cruise on
his yacht, he tells his daughter to bring along her friends. When
the man in black arrives, Inigo arranges a fair fight, allowing
his opponent to rest before the duel. When the marriage starts to
improve, Levin learns that his brother, Nikolai, is dying of
consumption. When the missionary invites some weak sisters to a
revival meeting one of them, a showgirl, accuses him of being
responsible for her downfall. When the movie starts, Rishi has
been kicked out of his house by Nicky and the two are considering
getting a divorce. When the neighbor asks what he is doing, Joe
flippantly tells him he is a Japanese spy. When the neighborhood
is quarantined after a breakout of scarlet fever, mrs Phillips
decides to take the time to teach Amarilly high class manners in
a Pygmalion-like experiment. When the new school year starts,
Elizabeth has not gotten the breast enlargement after all,
because she feels that she looks fine the way she is. When the
next basketball season begins, Ellen takes an entry-level
customer service job with American Airlines, while Mickey travels
with the NBA. When the next term begins, some of the students
from Mercedes' speech course register for her Shakespeare class,
but Larry is not with them. When the other musicians send him out
for beer, Pete returns to find that they have stolen his
instruments and that he is the victim of a scam. When the owners
of the motel in which they are staying notice that Peter's car is
gone, they expel Ellie. When the pair are alone he bitterly
rebukes her for condemning his actions when she was also engaged.
When the pair is in Tad's hotel room, his agents appear and
inform him that the director has decided to cast him in the film
after all. When the passengers disembark at the final destination
of Singapore, Emily leaves with Gordon for his home. When the
plane develops serious engine trouble, it looks like the end for
everyone on board. When the police arrive and bring their sniffer
dog to search the school, they find Elizabeth's mini liquor
bottles, marijuana and OxyContin pills in Amy's classroom, in a
secret compartment in Elizabeth's desk which Elizabeth helpfully
points out to the police. When the police arrive, the body,
cloak, and brooch are gone. When the police arrive, the gang
return Tommy to the Winslows, and Gordon apologizes to Johnny.
When the police officers investigate and take Rahul into custody,
he tells his story and ends up back in Komban. When the preacher
gives them a chance to read the vows, Vince begins to read the
vows she wrote for him, but tears them up and speaks from the
heart instead. When the president learns of her behavior, he
instructs Ben to guard Anna without revealing his true identity,
to give her the illusion of freedom with a guarantee of safety.
When the priest tells Bill and Connie that Grace is confessing to
the murder, both of them hurry to her side and confess to the
murder themselves. When the prince kisses her twice, Cindy
merrily starts distancing herself and goes to hide in the trees.
When the prince tries to have Cinderella's step family beheaded,
Anastasia buys the kingdom. When the prison governor learns of
the deception, the pair has to run for their lives. When the real
Adrian applies for work, he is hired and not allowed to leave,
and misses the matinee performance. When the real Caroline shows
up, Chris asks his assistant Jerry Siegal to find “the other
Caroline Lane” promising that he will attend an important dinner
and wishes her to go with him. When the reply comes through the
post office, Giulio reads it and learns the truth, but on the way
to deliver it, he meets Anni, who goes to his cottage and
realizes that she loves him, but marriage to Rudi would bring the
material wealth she craves. When the sculptor asks her what she
really wants, Kate reluctantly admits that she only wants Henry
to be happy. When the secret romance between Myra and Alu is
revealed, Alu is thrown into jail, and the sacred wedding
elephant goes missing in the jungle. When the serpent tells Eve
to bite the apple, Adam takes it away from her. When the ship
docks at New York, he is met by Kay (Myrna Loy), whom he
discovers is his wife. When the ship's doctor falls ill from a
tropical disease, Burke takes over his duties. When the show's
backer Gloria Carstairs (Lois Andrews) begins coming on to Jeff,
Delilah leaves him, but regrets it later on and tries to win him
back. When the song enters the top ten on the Billboard charts,
the band is taken off the tour and sent to Los Angeles. When the
storm is taking so long that food is running out, the three draw
lots for who will have to go out into the blizzard to obtain some
more. When the surf comes rolling in, Abby frantically clings on
for dear life while Gidget and Jeff enjoy riding the waves. When
the tenants are presented with eviction notices, they decide to
fight back. When the thief's body is found, they discover a
special identification card in his shoes identifying him as
Sullivan. When the topic changes to Josh's former flame, Chloe
(Anna Faris), Nat discovers that the two never officially broke
up when Chloe departed to Africa for four years. When the train
crashes, Connie is mistaken for Patricia because she is wearing
Patricia's wedding band, which has the couple's names engraved on
the inside. When the train is detained by flooding on the tracks,
Philip's fiancée Pamela Hill (Rita Johnson) and her father, his
commanding officer at the military academy where he teaches,
drive to meet him. When the true motives of her three would-be
suitors come to light, Janice makes the right decision about who
to marry. When the two are in bed, Billy makes tentative
overtures, to which Gabriel seems to respond initially; however,
Gabriel suddenly pulls away, after which Billy apologizes and
gets up to sleep on the couch. When the two crossed paths, they
end up spending one entire night drinking and talking about their
personal lives until dawn. When the two men start fighting, Paula
tries to help, but ends up knocking Brad out instead, allowing
the intruder to get away. When the two of them show up at her
hotel and accuse her or running a scam, she turns the tables on
them accusing Bill and Van of defaming Ellen's character and
finagles them into paying her outstanding bills and sends them on
their way. When the two reconnect at the wedding of college
friends, Bob is in a serious relationship with a soap opera star
Sterling Scott (Tuc Watkins) while Brendan is single and re-
examining his own identity. When the two women get together to
exchange purses, Kitty becomes annoyed when she discovers Mae has
read her letter and rejects Mae's advice to give the self-
admitted "heel" up. When the uncle is called away on business,
Danny persuades Mike to take Sue-Lin to tour the local World's
Fair. When the unseen Henry finally knocks on her door, she
leaves it locked in favor of Jimmy. When the verdict for the
trial is returned, Amanda's plea to the jury to "judge this case
as you would if the sexes were reversed" proves successful, and
Doris is acquitted. When the vicar asks whether anyone knows a
reason why the couple should not marry, David, who was reading
the vicar's lips, asks Charles to translate for him, and says in
sign language that he suspects the groom loves someone else. When
the villagers gather outside to loudly wish the newlyweds well,
mr Adams believes that his daughter has married as well. When the
vote is taken, the shareholders agree to give Garfield
controlling interest in the company. When the war ended, he felt
that he was not needed in Boston, but was desperately needed in
the islands, so he stayed. When the wedding is over Andy makes
plans to go to South America and forget his sorrows, but his
father talks to him and convinces him to go back to Wainwright
and complete his degree. When the woman he is fooling around
with, Grace Lawrence (Rita La Roy), decides to leave her husband
in order to marry Gaylord, he panics. When the youngest sister
Lakhi runs off with Wickham in London, Darcy and Lalita find the
couple and separate them before he can ruin her life, as he
almost did to Will's young sister Georgie. When their $250 ticket
is one of the few that draw a horse, its value shoots up. When
their backers pull out, Happy and Kelly manage to scrounge enough
dough to get the girls back home; but, find themselves broke, in
Europe, in a tiny country where the GDP is measured in mops. When
their car breaks down, they go off in search of a mechanic. When
their entourages get wind of their plan, they plant the story in
the newspapers, and each thinks the other one betrayed their
secret - until Mabel's aunt (Ruth Donnelly) tells Mabel the
truth. When their friend and realtor Mark Riggleman (Jason
Bateman) sells the condo, Gary and Brooke are given two weeks'
notice to move out. When these tactics fail, George persuades
Julianne to do the obvious: tell Michael she is in love with him.
When they all converge on his bedroom and discover each other,
they engage in a three-way catfight. When they are alone, he
tells her about Ronald's secret and shows her the locket. When
they are practicing, however, Nikko finds out that dancing for
show choir is not as easy as it looks and cannot easily pick up
the dance routines. When they arrive at Jack's home, Mary
realizes that Jack is her roommate. When they arrive at a
potential wedding venue in Napa Valley, Massimo appears and, to
Mary's confusion and horror, introduces himself as her fiancé.
When they arrive at his apartment, he is shocked to find Fran in
his bed, fully clothed and unconscious from an intentional
overdose of his sleeping pills. When they arrive at his cabin in
the mountains, Milly is surprised to learn that Adam is one of
seven brothers living under the same roof. When they arrive at
school, they immediately blame each other for the body swap, but
agree to pretend to be the other person until they can find a way
to switch back. When they arrive at the Byrnes' home, Greg meets
Pam's father Jack (Robert De Niro), her mother Dina (Blythe
Danner) and their beloved cat, Jinx (also named mr Jinx or
Jinxy), a brown and black Himalayan cat. When they arrive at the
home of Alicia's family, who are meeting Alicia's fiancé for the
first time, George wants to leave. When they arrive back at his
hacienda, they are surprised by Johnny, who fights Tostado. When
they arrive back to the small town they find that Bill has left
the diner and all hope of reconciliation seems lost - until they
discover that there is a re-opening of the old diner in progress,
and Suzanne convince Bill to taker her back, with a little help
from her lucky pin. When they arrive home, Jared tells Nuria he
wants to have sex, as she had suggested earlier, but she tells
him "No", asking him instead to do romantic things for her such
as read her poetry. When they arrive in Bombay, Gilchrist gets
even by telling Ann that the Major had had an affair with her
mother, causing Ann to break the engagement. When they arrive to
New York, Joe and Mary are taken to a press conference
immediately, and their picture end up all over the papers. When
they arrive, Dave realizes what a good thing he has with Ronnie.
When they arrive, Karl's servant is appalled at the rooms
provided for the prince and Jüttner at the inn of Ruder (Otis
Harlan). When they arrive, Loco is disappointed to find that the
businessman was hoping to have an affair with her and set them up
in a dingy lodge instead of the glamorous one she was expecting.
When they arrive, he asks Janet to join him for a "face-to-face
conversation". When they arrive, mr Morgan and Peter's high-
society fiancée Helen (Mercer) initially take Francey for another
of Keith's girlfriends. When they arrive, she hands him off to
another friend, Margo (Carol Macartney), and leaves. When they
ask her to join them on their night out, she does. When they ask
mr Dingle to tell Pendergast that their living arrangement is
purely innocent, he denies knowing them. When they decide to
meet, Joe discovers who he has been corresponding with. When they
decline, she gets annoyed. When they discuss Sam's novel she
reveals that a scene in which the main character sees her mother
having sex with a man on the beach was about Erica and Martin.
When they drive back to the dock, Dan starts to tell her why he
cannot return to the ship, only to have her faint. When they
eventually elope together Simon is left heartbroken, but
Cassandra becomes hopeful. When they feel and hear a second deep,
booming sound, Penny panics, telling him she thought they would
save each other, and Dodge assures her they did. When they
finally make love, he learns Tillie is a virgin. When they
finally return home, they are greeted by an angry Gordon, who
coldly warns Johnny to stay away from his daughter. When they
find out the computers are coming, the employees jump to the
conclusion they are being replaced. When they get back to the
dance it is almost over and Mike gets to dance with Alicia and at
the end of the dance gets her number. When they get home Denis's
parents are there and inform him that he will have to be
punished. When they get home to find Ava with her mother, Bradley
tells Betty that she can leave because he’s going to marry a hot,
young girl from Europe, something he had heard Gerber say. When
they get there she changes into some clothes that belong to
Richard’s sister and then plays a song on the piano, "Love at
Last" while she sings and Richard comes down and sees her at the
piano. When they get to a tiny hole-in-the-wall town, Freddie and
Conchita are mistaken for the new schoolmarm and her Indian maid.
When they get to their office floor, Trask confronts Katharine,
asking her how she came up with the idea. When they have to
hitchhike, Peter fails to draw attention until Ellie displays a
shapely leg to Danker, the next driver. When they hear a lion
roar, Stevens explains that the house comes with a zoo in the
back, which closed several years before; if they want the house,
they must buy the zoo. When they knock on the door, Long Duk
Dong, who has come to the party with Marlene, greets them. When
they learn that only ace brain surgeon Ormsby (Walter Woolf King)
can save their friend, they go to Ormsby's house and plead for
their friend's life, offering their beat-up jalopy as payment.
When they learn they will soon become parents, they are
confronted with the challenge of how – and where – to raise a
child and build a happy family. When they meet Monique the boys
are disgusted, but Nathan states that they should go for it
anyway. When they meet later she finds herself falling in love
with him, without realizing that they are already married. When
they meet the group in the library, Edith and George embarrass
their children. When they meet, he inadvertently thinks she is a
secretary rather than the owner of the school and tells her to
report to work in the morning. When they meet, the two begin a
romance. When they near the end of the voyage, he awkwardly
proposes to her. When they part for the night, John gives her a
friendly kiss goodnight, and Doris is in love. When they pay a
call the very next day, however, the inexperienced Rose flirts
openly with Simon and makes herself look ridiculous. When they
police arrive, they arrest Johnny, and are ready to execute him
summarily, on Tostado's orders. When they question Ben's
knowledge about love, Ben bets he could make any woman fall in
love with him if he wanted to. When they reach Julie's home,
Julie reveals that she remembered Tom in high school. When they
reach the town and he trades his furs, Yancy gets Rosalie some
new clothes so she will be presentable to look for a job. When
they reach their destination, the skipper refuses to let Mirza
debark without paying, so O'Gaffney robs the purser (Boris
Karloff) to get the money. When they realize what they've become,
they blame Shelley—just as she returns from her unsuccessful
date. When they return home, they make out on the front lawn.
When they return to the auto court, Don and Jean have to sleep
under the same roof on their "wedding night". When they return to
the dance, everyone pays attention to him, including Pamela. When
they return to the studio after the first night of filming, the
building is being demolished, with all the equipment and costumes
inside. When they return, Cornelia implies that she intends to
seduce Godfrey. When they return, the hotel manager is shocked to
see his bellboy with the princess and fires him for consorting
with an important guest. When they spot Jimmy (who had fallen
asleep on a pew), they begin to fight over him. When they stop at
a motel, Gus catches their tryst on video. When they stop en
route, Danker tries to steal their luggage, but Peter seizes his
car. When they stop for the night, Bob will not let her share his
room. When they track down the cat lady who was the source of the
allegations, they learn from a neighbor that she was in fact born
with a skin disease that caused her disfiguration and had just
received surgery for it. When they try to board the transport
ship,S. When they try to go to Bernard's room, the rooster
attacks Amy, causing a commotion in which Miss Thing falls down
the stairs and breaks her arm. When they visit Coach Norton in
jail (who accidentally killed a referee in a fit of rage) his
advice is that they should just kill her. When they visit a nude
beach crowded with other young tourists, they are hesitant at
first but find themselves getting caught up in the uninhibited
energy and decadence that surrounds them. When they're at the
aquarium, Julia sees one of her friends there and gets reminded
that she has to be conscious of decisions which impact her
career. When things seem to be going perfectly, Gabe's world is
suddenly turned upside down when he and Rosemary are assigned new
sparring partners. When this information is brought to Pochenko,
he argues with Joy on her meddling, and Joy decides to leave
Slovetzia for good. When this is discovered, she quits. When two
star-crossed lovers, set on eloping, are forced into having a big
wedding, the bride develops a plan of her own. When two women
from a tour ask Harold where they can see Hollywood stars, he
directs them to a trendy Hollywood cafe where his best friend,
Danny (Sams), is a bartender. When wealthy newspaper publisher
Judson Blair (Edward Arnold) divorces his wife Adele (Mary Beth
Hughes), Judge Cornelia Porter (Rosalind Russell) awards Adele
alimony of $4000 a month for five years or until she remarries.
When wealthy, unloved Jeffrey Gilland Sr. When word of her deceit
spreads, Johnny's engagement to his bosses daughter Lois is again
feasible. When word reaches Haleakaloha that Miss Dedham is on
the way, a scheme is concocted by Donovan, Gilhooley, and the
Marquis de Lage (Cesar Romero). When yet another blind date turns
into a nightmare, Isabel decides to do something that will
forever keep her friends and mother out of her hair. When young
Popeye asks Denny what his long-term intentions are concerning
his relationship with her mother, Denny decides to broach the
subject with Terry, only to be confronted by anger and
accusations that he is trying to push her into a marriage for
which she feels unready. When ‘Lady’ Sandra Abbott (Imelda
Staunton) discovers that her husband of forty years (John
Sessions) is having an affair with her best friend (Josie
Lawrence) she seeks refuge in London with her estranged, older
sister Bif (Celia Imrie). When, after hard work and perseverance,
Janie is elevated to the star's part &ndash; replacing Vivian
Warner (Gloria Foy) &ndash; Tod is afraid he will lose any chance
of gaining her affection if she becomes a star, so he closes the
show, and Janie, out of work, goes away with him. WhenB. Where
it's going for Andy is the Army, because his grades have become
so poor at school, he's being drafted. Whether they all live
together is left ambiguous. Which is she. Which one of these.
While 'Harold' tries to escape, Lloyd informs him that his
machine is complete. While Adam is recovering in the hospital,
Caroline discovers that he has a heart defect, though he claims
he has a baboon heart, based on a story loving nuns told him at
the orphanage he grew-up in. While Andy is struggling with his
English exams, Kathryn's brother Harry proves to be quite the
scholar, showing no problems at all with his exams. While Andy
seems to have no problem getting men to have sex with him, Nico
hasn't been attracting men at all. While Barbara Jane and Shake
are at the altar about to be married, the minister turns to
Bismark and gives him some advice on how he can avoid capital
gains tax in his business. While Barbara sleeps, Jon watches
pornography. While Blythe goes to get more wine, she meets Chef
McKenna (Gary Dourdan), and both instantly feel a connection.
While Bob pursues Ann, with Fernydel's help, Zara repeatedly
searches Bob's stateroom, causing problems when Ann sees her
leaving after a search. While Boi escapes from Sharpay's
apartment and she chases after him, Ryan relaxes on his sister's
bed until it folds back into the closet, taking him with it.
While Brad counts down the minutes to freedom, Kate finds herself
looking at the lives of Brad's and her own siblings and comes to
realize that she does want a marriage and children of her own,
the prospect of which frightens Brad when she mentions it to him.
While Bryan, Lani, and Tonya are making plans, Brick storms in
and Lani and Tonya escape off the balcony, leaving Bryan to face
Brick's wrath. While Charles' father and lawyers are on the phone
with her pleading to settle quickly, Jean says she doesn't want
any money at all, just for Pike to tell her it's over to her
face. While Charlie silently preens himself, Charity speaks the
pick-up lines she imagines him saying, and tells him how handsome
he is ("You Should See Yourself"). While Chris and Mitch talk
their way onto the base, Lazlo remotely cracks the laser's
computer and changes its target coordinates to Hathaway's house,
where the team has placed a huge tin of popcorn. While Christine
and Donna get in, Sherry does not, and remains in Sierra
Airlines. While Christmas shopping he runs into Erica and they
talk over coffee. While Christy is trying to explain her mission
from his bathroom, Peter is in the living room trying to convince
Doc that appearances are not what they seem and does not hear
her. While Cristina dates Paulo the owner of the dating agency,
Chico, begins to fall in love with Cristina. While Dado misses
his wife and daughter back home, he has been dating a Personal
Care Assistant named Anna. While Daniel gloats, Jennifer reclaims
her body, explaining to Wallace, "Love is stronger than
witchcraft". While Dracula learns that America contains such
wonders as blood banks and discotheques, he also proceeds to
suffer the general ego-crushing that comes from life in the Big
Apple in the late 1970s as he romantically pursues flaky fashion
model Cindy Sondheim, whom he has admired from afar and believes
to be the current reincarnation of his true love (an earlier
being named Mina Harker). While Duke makes a play for Kate, both
Helen and Dan know that he's bad news, and Dan wants to put Duke
behind bars before he can break Kate's heart. While Dylan leaves
briefly to go get something, Josh notices a wall of pictures, one
of which has Dylan's mom in it, crowned the Blossom Queen. While
Dynamite is away on business, Rosie goes on a date with a
customer, Jimmy the Duke (Gordon Westcott) and he steals the
diamond engagement ring Dynamite gave to Rosie. While Easton is
less than thrilled with the arrangement, she has to put up with
it, as she has already spent Rutland's share of the rent. While
Ellen is very much in love with Tom, she refuses to consider
marrying him because of how she has been earning her gifts. While
Emily buys coffee and soda, henchmen sneak up on Cody, knocking
him unconscious by drugging him with spray. While Frank is
devoted to his typewriter, Kathleen prefers her laptop and
logging into her AOL email account. While Greer justifies Nola's
callous behavior by claiming that she sees the three not as
individuals but as a collective, Jamie and Mars become bitter
over how little Nola cares for all three men. While Harper is
wrapping gifts, Lance approaches him and the two reminisce about
their college days and seem to overcome their differences. While
Harry is checking in, Phyllis's son Patrick (Michael Anderson,
Jr) suddenly arrives, seeking to bond with his new father. While
Herbie takes mrs Steinmetz to market, they are chased by Hawk's
men; whereupon Herbie makes several daring escapes culminating in
travel through the 1909 landmark Sheraton Palace Hotel and along
a suspension cable on the Golden Gate Bridge, leaving mrs
Steinmetz unfazed of his activity throughout. While Iris revels
in the luxury of Amanda's Los Angeles home, Amanda is
disappointed by the slow, quiet pace of life in Iris's Surrey
cottage. While Iris's brother loses money with his gambling
problem. While Ivanoff is riding in his friend Anatoly's Lada,
Anatoly stops to buy fuel for his car from a mobile black market
gasoline dealer. While Jamie admonishes them, Chris tearfully
leaves the party, announcing that he would never return and vows
to be more successful than everyone. While Jerry turns to
partying to forget her sorrows, Ted becomes an alcoholic. While
Jesse and Jade are at the hotel, a con artist couple steals
Jesse's money. While Jesse is getting some food, a rocket
propelled grenade is shot into the building and Lenny is killed,
while everyone else is injured. While Jock and Trusty try to
explain what a baby is, Tramp interrupts the conversation and
offers his own thoughts on the matter, making Jock and Trusty
take an immediate dislike to the stray and order him out of the
yard. While Joe contemplates his lost fortune and budding
affection for Sara, he notices Tony's watch in the picture Tony
took of him serving Sara, and calls Ray to inform him that Tony
forgot to set his watch to Central Time Zone, so that the papers
do not take effect until 7:04 pm Central Time. While Joe is
attempting to serve Sara, Tony tips her off, thus revealing that
Joe has been failing lately because Tony is sabotaging his
efforts. While Judy and Sam shop, Gabe calls Jack's new
girlfriend a "cocktail waitress" and tells him that he is crazy
for leaving Sally for her. While Julia and Rodgers are working,
Annabel enters, and they all start singing. While Karl is still
reeling from the shock, the old king dies, followed by Jüttner.
While Keala surfs the first few sets of waves without wipe-outs,
Anne Marie still has inhibitions about riding one, visions of
another near-drowning incident holding her back. While Kenneth is
paranoid and believes that "secret agents" are tracking his every
move, Darius gains his trust as she participates in a series of
training exercises in the woods around his house and begins to
develop feelings for him. While Kit does not want Milly to attend
the labour, her mother, Miranda, helped her sneaked out of the
hospice so she is able to be there when Jess gives birth. While
Kyle and Troy start attending meetings with the campus ex-gay
ministry, Marc notices Kyle becoming close with Troy and decides
to try to seduce Troy himself. While Leslie and Lucky are
separated, the effects of his magic touch fade off and henceforth
she will refuse to let him touch her. While Lina is "singing,"
Don, Cosmo andF. While Luke and Kate are drinking with co-workers
at the bar, Jill and Chris also arrive and Chris invites Luke and
Jill to join them for a trip to his family's cottage. While
Lumpjaw is swept away and dies, Bongo's hat saves him from
falling down and he finally can claim Lulubelle as his mate.
While Maisie is being questioned, Iris and Breezy drive to Yuma,
Arizona to get married. While Maria helps Anni pack, she tells
her that she no longer has a heart and that the gaudy red beaded
dress she plans to wear is what she is really like. While Marisa
and fellow maid Stephanie are cleaning the room of socialite
Caroline Lane, Stephanie convinces Marisa to try on a designer
Dolce & Gabbana coat. While Mercedes is getting drunk, she and
Les cause the hood of the car to slightly cave in by dancing on
it. While Mickey is in Charlotte to referee a game, Ellen arrives
to meet him and reveals that she has gotten a divorce. While
Minnie and Daisy, protected by Mickey, Donald, and Goofy, go on a
journey, they are ambushed by the Beagle Boys. While Miss Mexico
is being interviewed, Lorena unbuttons her blouse slightly to
show off her cleavage and Costas helps her with her sash. While
Molly says the relationship isn't a problem, she eventually
begins to feel jealous of Giselle. While Nancy and Lally Joy cope
with Julia, Peter enjoys working on the house with Osh, who
entertains him with stories of bugs the like of which Peter
hadn't dealt with in the city ("Ugly Bug Ball"). While Nestor and
everyone else is occupied with Irma, Moustache notices one of the
guests sitting alone at the front of the church. While Nora is at
the swimming pool of the hotel, teaching Deborah to dive and
swim, Dick begins singing "Easy to Love" with Cugat's female
vocalist, which makes Deborah jealous. While O'Reilly and Celine
wait by their car, Jackson takes Robert into the woods to execute
him. While Paige is questioned at a viva voce panel about
Shakespeare, she realizes that she loves Edvard and runs to find
him, only to discover that he has already left for Denmark. While
Pam is getting fitted in her dress, she tries to confront Sabrina
about the secret but is interrupted when Jason gets hurt when
pushed by Malcolm. While Paul packs some of his belongings, she
goes to consult her father, who confesses that he is responsible.
While Penny is at school, Anne Marie, Eden and Lena work as maids
at a large resort hotel, but more importantly, they are surfers.
While Peter decides how to approach his father with the news,
Francey stays at a women-only hotel, and Peter and Keith
introduce her as a new botany student. While Reade tries to get
closer to his bride-to-be, Effie, who has been assigned by the
State Department to see that the marriage does not disturb a
major oil deal with Bukistan, ends up educating the Princess
about such Western ideas of the role of a wife and women's
emancipation, while, simultaneously moderating some of her own
ideas about making the happiness of her "man" (ie. While Robert
and the foreign minister fly-fish for the photographers,
terrorists break into the dam upstream and open the flood gates.
While Roger and Sharpay fight over which dog gets the role at
next rehearsal, Boi and Countess run away together, madly in
love, and enjoy a jaunt around the city, even experiencing a
carriage ride through central park ("Baby"). While Ronald walks
back to town for a tow, Mary runs into Harold. While Rosie is in
love with Billy, she finds out that he is engaged to a snobbish
socialite, Madeline Van Dorn (Lita Chevret). While Rover happily
listens, the thugs proceed to reveal that they set him up and
imply that they are going to murder him by throwing him into the
Hoover Dam. While Roxanna is out having a smoke, Ozzy comes out
to talk to her. While Ruby with her much more outgoing
personality enjoys the time with Calvin's family, introverted
Calvin spends the weekend reading by himself, growing jealous of
the time Ruby is spending with other people. While Ruth struggles
with her loss and Tom with his supposedly failed memory, the two
develop a romance. While Ryan has been helping, he has also
decided to act on his long-standing love for Jenny, seeking
advice on asking her out. While Sadie and Ben do qualify for the
slot, the church's eccentric minister, Reverend Frank (Robin
Williams), will not wed the couple until they agree to attend his
prenuptial course (shortened, due to the new date, from three
months to three weeks). While Samantha complies with Darrin's
wishes to become a normal suburban housewife, her magical family
disapproves of the mixed marriage and frequently interferes in
the couple's lives. While Samantha is canceling her appointments,
her new neighbor (David James Elliott) comes for a session. While
Sara is bathing, Joe goes to the bar, and Gordon's mistress
appears to suggest a new deal to Joe; for one million dollars
from the divorce settlement, she will reveal Gordon's location.
While Scarlett does her best to look beautiful for Michael at his
funeral, Macon gives a moving speech about his friend. While
Scarlett is having her baby, Halley makes a list of all the
little things she hates about Macon, the way his hair falls over
his face, the way his voice gets low when he's serious, the way
he bites his lip when he's nervous and the way his eyebrow
twitches. While Shirin has been engaged for years to a successful
Iranian plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills, she lives with her
overbearing mother and empathetic father. While Ted and Anderson
are lunching together in a diner, to help him move on, Ted
persuades Anderson to give romance one more try. While Ted tries
to fit in at academia, his frustrated managers (Walter Connolly,
Jimmy Durante) try to have him expelled from the college in order
for him to resume his Hollywood career. While Terry is performing
at a lush outdoor party, some of the young men sneak up, causing
chaos. While Tess is at her ceremony, Sam returns the child to
the orphanage and walks out on Tess. While Thor is drunk and
distracted with the prostitutes, Newton secretly stashes the
prize money inside his handbag, and then leaves the gym with the
prostitutes when they are finished - stealing the money and
fleeing. While Tiara performs, Sharpay immediately crashes her
performance and upstages her ("Senior Year Spring Musical").
While Tiffany is taking a bath, Chucky escapes the play pen and
pushes the television set into the bathtub, electrocuting her.
While Tiffany prepares Jade for the body-switch, Jade convinces
her to turn on Chucky. While Troy and Chad reminisce about their
past ("The Boys Are Back"), Tiara overhears Gabriella and
Taylor's conversation about the Stanford Freshman's Honors
Program and informs Sharpay about it, while Sharpay convinces
Troy that he is the only thing keeping Gabriella from her dream.
While Veronica is in jail, news arrives at the hotel that her
uncle has died from a fall and that she has succeeded to the
throne. While Vittorio fetches props from his old movies for
further evidence, Charity remarks on her good fortune ("If My
Friends Could See Me Now"). While Zooey and Peter prepare for the
wedding, Sydney finds himself alone and desperate to hang with
someone. While accompanying Sam to church every Sunday he
involuntarily becomes part of the town life and gossip again.
While all the other dogs are inside, Chance is captured and is
about to be driven to the lab. While all this is going on the
Widow Thayer cooks for grandfather and grandson daily, and Pike
takes it over to their house and helps setting the table. While
annoyed at first about sacrificing his own spring break, he helps
Vada with the difficult search of learning more about her mother.
While at "Austenland", Jane is plagued with self-doubt about
pretending to be a woman from the Jane Austen era. While at
Buxton, Carol gets Michael in trouble with the faculty and
convinces him to accompany her to New York. While at Katharine's
place, Tess discovers some meeting notes where Katharine plans to
pass off the merger idea as her own. While at Lydia's, Gerry
answers the doorbell and sees Helen standing at the door. While
at a bar with colleagues, a drunken Violet and Winton kiss each
other which Violet immediately regrets. While at a bar, Sam's
classmate Louis aka Lou (Logan Lerman) tries to prevent her from
initiating another hook-up. While at a convenience store with
Jason he runs into Glen, who chases down and beats him. While at
a party that Rosa has thrown, Viktor and Rosa work out an idea
for a gallery exhibit where Rosa is in a shopping mart hunting
(literally) for her groceries. While at dinner with some property
developers, Heslop runs into her father's mistress, Deidre
Chambers, who has done well in a cosmetics pyramid marketing
scheme and she recruits Muriel. While at lunch late in the
afternoon overlooking Rome, Don buys a candelabra from a peddler,
a symbol of Don's integrity because the candelabra appears to be
pure gold. While at the British Embassy seeking help, he notices
an announcement of an available apartment and decides to check
the place out. While at the Museo del Prado, Susie catches the
eye of wealthy playboy Emilio Lacayo (Anthony Franciosa). While
at the airport, they see David Beckham with his wife Victoria,
which Jules takes as a sign. While at the clinic he tells her he
supports her, and that when he said that he wanted to be a
grandfather, he meant sometime far in the future. While at the
hospital, Gigli goes to the morgue and cuts off a corpse's thumb,
which he sends to the prosecutor as Brian's thumb. While at the
hotel, in one last bid to escape, Jackie manages to trick Kiko
and proceeds to take his car. While at the house, her fervor and
sermonizing alienates friends "Hutchie" and Leonora (Nigel Bruce
and Rita Hayworth) by insisting Leonora leave her elderly husband
and return to the stage. While at the park, Ozzy spots Alexis
(Manny Pérez), the man who killed his brother, recently been
released from prison. While at the party, Dockweiler decides to
get back at the townspeople who have heartbroken his daughter,
and runs a crooked shell game, bilking the locals of large
amounts of cash. While at the pound, the other dogs reveal to
Lady that Tramp's had multiple girlfriends in the past and they
feel it's unlikely he'll ever settle down. While at the program,
Terri makes new friends and learns a great deal about music, but
problems arise when she is plagued by memories of the car crash
which took Paul's life and finds it increasingly difficult to
keep her participation in the program a secret from her father.
While at the shops, he calls Mia to find out what she wants for
Christmas and ends up almost caught by his wife purchasing an
expensive necklace from the jewellery department thanks to the
salesman Rufus (Rowan Atkinson). While at work, Brice meets
another employee, Melinda (Brandy Norwood). While at work, she
sees popular local boy John Tucker (Jesse Metcalfe) on dates with
three different girls: Carrie (Arielle Kebbel), a chronic
overachiever; Heather (Ashanti), who is head cheerleader; and
Beth (Sophia Bush) a promiscuous and liberal vegan activist.
While attending Matt's birthday party, Jenn hesitantly reveals
that the child might be Louis's, which devastates Matt. While
awaiting news of the application to the agency, Isolde decides
that she and Augie should continue to try to have a baby on their
own, and she enthusiastically follows all the latest advice by
pregnancy experts. While awkwardly hitting on him, Deb is
interrupted by Ryan's fiance, who breaks up with him when he
refuses to accept a high-paying job at his father's company.
While becoming successful with the Banshees, Jamal also finds
himself in a problematic relationship with his teammate Michelle
(Vivica Fox), whom he has romantic feelings for but cannot act on
because Michelle knows him only as her confidante, Juwanna. While
being bullied by twins on a playground one day, Norbit is saved
by a tough, overweight girl named Rasputia Latimore (Murphy) who
scares him into being her boyfriend. While brothers Danilo and
Lucas need to learn everything they did not know about each
other, Marcos tries to find out if there is a place for him in
his boyfriend’s new family arrangement. While busking in Grand
Central Terminal, Nick Vaughan (Chris Evans) sees a woman running
by to catch the 1:30&nbsp;am. While carrying out the bank's
blueprints, Reese is inadvertently photographed by Stacey Bishop,
who is taking pictures for the bank's advertising campaign. While
celebrating her promotion, Alison meets Ben at a local nightclub.
While celebrating, Angel scolds Scamp for not listening to Tramp.
While chasing Jinx, Greg accidentally starts a fire in the yard,
destroying a wedding altar that Kevin had sculpted for Debbie's
wedding. While contemplating whether to break it off with Byron,
Tiffany's best friend tells her about a specialist for women
whose men can not control their primitive urges. While counting
the day's receipts in Joe's office, Lucas snoops and discovers
that Empire Records is about to be bought and converted into a
branch of Music Town, a large national music store with many
franchises. While dancing with Dick, Isolde confides that she has
found a mysterious thousand dollar imbalance in the Pooles'
finances. While dancing with Viola, Shakespeare is struck
speechless, and after being forcibly ejected by Wessex, uses
Thomas Kent as a go-between to woo her. While delighted, Viktor
is saddened when he learns that her "friend" did so in order to
renew their relationship. While delighting in her freedom and
great clothes, Jenna stumbles through a grown-up world, learning
enough of life to advise other 13-year-olds whom she actually
prefers to hang with. While discussing the prenuptial agreement,
he refuses to surrender his American citizenship. While
discussing their favorite books, Sam is unnerved by their similar
tastes in literature and runs off, refusing to be roped into a
relationship. While discussing with each other what they can do
about their single lifestyles, and how they can "hook each other
up" with a significant other, their conversation continues to the
park, where Gray spots a possible girlfriend for Sam, Charlie
Kelsey (Bridget Moynahan). While disposing of garbage one day,
Daniel accidentally discovers some sensitive information about
Audrey's client, Thorne Jamison, which he reveals in the next
day's court proceedings. While doing housekeeping duties in a
cabin, Chester finds the map to the gold mine. While drinking
coffee with Sarah later, Bill quotes something that Jake said to
him and Sarah realizes that Jake was talking about her. While
driving Salim and his wife home that night, the three of them get
attacked by a group of right-wing extremist street punks. While
driving Sarah to the bar to meet the others, Edy appears to have
a heart attack and stomps on the brakes. While driving Violet to
the airport, Tom says he can take his food truck to where she is
and continue their relationship. While driving his Dual-Ghia from
Las Vegas to Los Angeles, lecherous, heavy-drinking pop singer
Dino (Dean Martin) is forced to detour through Climax, Nevada.
While driving off, the van is stopped by the gang, Chance and the
other dogs are set free, and it reverses into the river after the
dogs scare away the drivers. While driving the tour bus, Harold
sees Rich with a bouquet of flowers and realizes that he is on
his way to see Amanda. While dropping Victoria off at the airport
for a flight, Sam sees Annie exiting from her plane and is
mesmerized by her, although he has no idea who she is. While
drunk one night, Robert is taken home by Kate. While drunk, she
privately reveals to Don that she has fallen in love with him.
While eating they are approached by two men, Collins (Common) and
Armstrong (Jimmi Simpson), who question them about a flash drive
they believe Phil and Claire stole from mobster boss Joe Miletto
(Ray Liotta). While en route by train to the Pemberton home in
Aiken, South Carolina, he meets Junior Pemberton, an obnoxious
ten-year-old prodigy whose behavior prompts Henry to kick him in
the pants when they arrive at the station, much to the dismay of
the boy's sister Toni. While en route from Miami to New York City
by train, she and her friend Jane meet a considerably younger
American paratrooper named Red and his sergeant George Kelly, and
Kay and Red fall into a romantic relationship. While en route to
an appointment for an abortion, Wei-Wei decides to keep the baby,
and asks Simon to stay together with Wai-Tung and be the baby's
second father. While enjoying "free" champagne and lots of
dancing girls, they see Sal's singing routine and are both
instantly smitten. While everyone around him reacts differently
to the news—from suicide to constant drugs and guilt-free
sex—Dodge's life does not change at all. While everyone else is
away Cassandra and Simon spend the evening together, which leads
to their kissing. While explaining her presence she shows a
bathing suit she has designed, John Braddock (Francis) embraces
the idea and the display of the suit brings orders galore. While
filming a love scene, Lina tells him that she had Kathy fired.
While fleeing the area, Antonie is waiting for him, and the
father and son run off together laughing. While fleeing with some
of the mined gold, Larsen is swept to his death in an avalanche.
While flying to California incognito as "Mary Williams", the
princess—fearful of flying—is given too many sleeping pills.
While getting ready to board the Aries, Fred chickens out and
refuses to go on the mission. While giving a workshop in Seattle,
where his wife was from, he meets Eloise (Jennifer Aniston), a
creative floral designer who owns her own flower-shop. While
giving the traditional Best Man's Toast at a wedding, he quotes
the groom, his childhood best friend: "Nothing should ever hold a
man back from his future". While going for a walk from their
temporary residence, Akpors experiences his first culture shock,
an American kid persistently declines her mother's instruction
without being punished for it. While going to retrieve her purse
(which Mildred left in the manager's office), he overhears the
real general manager say he would give $1,000 to anyone who could
attract people to the store. While having sex in the shower Pete
reveals to his wife Debbie that he took a Viagra given to him by
his friend Barry (Rob Smigel); this enrages Debbie and they stop.
While he and Matt fight, Jenny crawls to the charged meteorite
attempting to regain her powers. While he initially struggles in
speech class, he does very well in economics. While he is doing
this his dog, Frizzie, tries to eat the sandwich, and Rob's
little brother Cody takes a video of him receiving this unwanted
sexual gratification. While he is doing this, Richmond confronts
him about Buddy's actions believing the two are working together.
While he is envisioning achieving fame and fortune from his
discovery, Valerie and Mac elude the police and enter theR. While
he is in jail, she finds Schindler, who is happy to leave Germany
and ply his trade in France. While he is out getting some water
to make coffee, she spots another man. While he is still unsure
about being a parent, his father (Harold Ramis) is excited. While
he is thoroughly beat down, Mike earns Stacey's private respect
for fighting back like a man. While he is trying to break into
Tin Pan Alley, he stays at a boardinghouse run by mrs Langley,
who insists that her house always be run with the highest
propriety. While he is wowed by the potential salary and other
complimentary extreme luxuries, Kate argues that they are very
happy and they should be thankful for their life. While he
recovers, John and Claire go on a bike ride to a secluded beach.
While he's delivering their baby, a tractor trailer smashes into
his Porsche and he must leave town without it: the entire town
comes to see him off in a taxi. While her daughter Molly is
unaware of the scam and believes that her mother truly loves
Wilson and she is getting a new father. While hiding, he gets
Mary's note. While his back turned, Zeke pulls the chips away to
leave only one to spare Cedric the loss. While hitchhiking, by
coincidence, Paula and her Aunt Charlotte come along. While
holidaying together, Ben and Andie begin to form a genuine bond,
playing card games with the family, learning to ride Ben's
motorcycle. While home, Jennifer begins getting romantic
Christmas cards from an unknown admirer, who turns out to be her
old neighbor and the unrealized true love of her life, Jack
(Lamorne Morris), who died in a car accident three years ago.
While hugging him, Zach walks in and assumes that they are having
an affair and slaps his friend before leaving. While in Bermuda,
anxiety-ridden over the evening's sexual implications, Cathy
comes down with a nervous rash, much to her embarrassment and his
frustration. While in Boston for a concert Fini gets a phone call
asking him to perform at The Met. While in Cannes, Nicholas
becomes drunk and ends up sleeping with Stephanie (Swinburne),
his former mistress. While in Egypt, the three meet archaeologist
Tom Baxter (Jeff Daniels). While in Iraq, his unit was holed up
in a building for the night, Lenny offered to take Jesse's watch
so he can grab something to eat. While in New York, he discovers
Martha Gibson (Day) turning records in a jukebox factory. While
in Switzerland, Lyda meets a wealthy older man in exile there.
While in Taiwan, Biyun buried Qiushui's mother and continued to
pray for his return. While in Texas she falls in love with Jake,
and he with her, despite some competition from Lucy, her
childhood friend, who is in on the secret and assumes Jake is
"available". While in Vegas, Gray takes Charlie out for a hen
night, and after many drinks, the two share a drunken but
passionate kiss. While in despair, she meets Peyton Leverett
(Austin Butler), an aspiring film director and son of Sharpay's
mother's friend from college, who offers her a studio apartment
if she will be the subject of his film project, to capture one
unique New York story. While in his father's Porsche 928, Joel is
chased by Guido, but eventually escapes. While in the bathroom
with Courtney, she calls him by name, leading her to suspect that
he got under Christina's skin and she is actually attracted to
him which she denies. While in the dark, inundated tunnel, he is
approached by a cute-looking mushroom-like creature, a Lub-Lub.
While in the labor camp, Sullivan attends a showing of Walt
Disney's Playful Pluto cartoon. While in the lifeboat, The
captain asks for Number 3's hand in marriage. While in the police
car he reminisces about Jimmy in Florida dying of AIDS. While in
the taxi Alain changes his will again: the money for the Cancer
Research is diminished. While informing Duflot of the pending
estate sale, Max learns that the mysterious expensive Le Coin
Perdu was made by Henry and Duflot with "illegal vines" from the
estate, bypassing wine classification and appellation laws. While
initially averse to publishing a love story, Toto decides to give
it a try and the comic became a hit. While inside the party,
William begins drinking alcohol to fit in, and drinks enough to
make him forget what he is doing there. While intoxicated, Cathy
falls off the balcony onto an awning below. While it takes you to
three continents around the world (Asia, Africa, and Europe), it
is nevertheless an intimate film about searching for love,
following your dreams, and making your own destiny. While
learning about the mules, Snug also deals with Judith and
Stretch, who are trying to take over the Dominy farm. While
learning how to eat and sleep, he meets a talking bulldog named
mr Beefy (voice of Robert Smigel), rents an apartment with an
actor named Todd (Allen Covert), and falls in love with a design
student named Valerie (Patricia Arquette). While leaving for
their residence in a taxi, it dawns on Richard that he has left
his wallet with cash behind. While leaving for their residence,
Akpors reveals his interest in dating Clara to Kimberly. While
listening to Lou's favorite song Sam begins to cry, afraid of
being hurt. While looking at Mars weather data Fred notices
severe sandstorms that could endanger the crew. While looking for
flowers, however, they run into a couple, Keith and Wendy, both
whom Mary knows from her past. While looking for his manager he
happens upon Morello, the lead singer for the all girl punk band
The Dirty Pinks. While looking through pictures of Bill growing
up, Ruth and Tom kiss and have sex on Bill's bed. While masked,
Harry and a team of agents kidnap Helen while she is at Simon's
trailer and frighten the latter into staying away from her. While
moored at a port in the South of France, Joan Wilder's (Kathleen
Turner) and Jack Colton's (Michael Douglas) romance has grown
stale. While moving in, she meets her roommate, Duke Orsino
(Channing Tatum), an attractive soccer player and Illyria's team
captain. While obviously enjoying each other's company, Amanda is
nonetheless worried that the relationship will become
"complicated". While on a date in a fancy restaurant with
Michelle, Jim is ready to propose to her. While on a date with a
handsome Dane, Samantha is arrested for public indecency after
fondling him at a restaurant and making out with him on the
beach. While on night duty, Goofy is lured away from the palace
by Clarabelle (who uses a shadow puppet of Mickey). While on the
Island, Muriel's former friends confront her over her stalking,
requesting that she leave them alone. While on the channel ferry,
they meet a "gentleman adventurer", Jimmy Monkley (Cary Grant),
who partners with them in his con games. While on the chase from
the monks (and occasionally, Malloy's mother) the two fall in
love. While on the ski slopes Ted soon falls for Karen's
inventive schemes to win the heart of her new sponsor, much to
the chagrin of his girlfriend, Vivian Dawn (Lynn Bari), a soloist
with the band. While on the train, he meets Kay Wilson (Bonita
Granville), and learns that Wainright College has just become a
coeducational institution. While on their lunch date, Bryce finds
he can't focus on Shelly and Miranda: he just wants to talk to
Juli. While on their way to their dorm, she meets Tyler Prince
(Matt Long), the president of a popular fraternity, who is also
the on-off boyfriend of the extremely tyrannical, manipulative,
and most hated president of the student council and the head of
the Kappa Sorority, Rachel Witchburn (Sara Paxton). While on
vacation, sports reporter Mike Hagen (Gregory Peck) meets fashion
designer Marilla Brown (Lauren Bacall). While out for coffee with
his roommate Georgiana (Meredith Scott Lynn), he meets Gabriel
(Brad Rowe), the server. While out of town for his father-in-
law's funeral, Nick can't bring himself to lie when a grieving
Connie challenges him to say that he has never cheated on her.
While out on a date, Ellen runs into Tom and the two of them end
up sharing a cab when she gets separated. While out swimming, she
discovers Miranda's secret and arranges for "Caroline" to sing at
a charity concert, plotting to reveal her true nature. While out
training on the road, Steve is nearly run over by a speeding car
that crashes into a ditch. While outside looking for food, he
encounters Jim's gold deposit and decides to ambush him there
when Jim returns. While outside the center Bill meets Shelly and
the two start to flirt. While outside, Pam listens in on Geneva
and Claudine fighting and finds out that Geneva is actually
Sabrina's mother and gave Sabrina to Claudine and Greg after she
was born. While packing to leave, she finally tells Julia off.
While playing baseball in the street, the Kids accidentally send
a ball crashing through the window of the apartment in which
Butch and Mike are hiding. While playing seven minutes in heaven
at a party in 1985, 10-year-old Charles "Chuck" Logan (Connor
Price) refuses to kiss a goth girl named Anisha (Sasha Pieterse)
who attempts to have sex with him. While practicing a tap dance
routine in his hotel bedroom, he awakens Dale Tremont (Ginger
Rogers) on the floor below. While preparing for college, Anna
reveals to her mother that her heart is "a little bit broken".
While proceeding through the TSA security checkpoint, Molly's
striking looks attract unwanted attention from several male TSA
officers who try flirting with her awkwardly. While racing
through the streets of Portland, Samantha seeks refuge in a bar
that employs Ed Malloy Andrew Dice Clay, who is notoriously
nicknamed "The Brainsmasher". While radiating the charm and
assurance that Carol has taught him, Michael begins to court her.
While recovering from his wounds, Forrest discovers an aptitude
for ping-pong, eventually playing against the Chinese in ping-
pong diplomacy. While refusing to help her outright with charity
or personal loan, Murphy buys a horse and pays to board it with
Emma, while encouraging others to do the same. While researching
an ordinary real estate transaction, title examiner Leah Farrell
(McCormick) discovers a property transfer document with the
forged name of a missing woman, and proceeds to investigate.
While retrieving a flower from the gutter outside the shop, the
Tramp is again tormented by the two newsboys. While retrieving
her purse from Joel's car, she moves the shifter out of gear.
While returning to work, Johnny intervenes when he spots two men
beating up a third in an alley. While reviewing his lines, he
discovers the recipe for creating the flower love-in-idleness.
While romancing a local girl (Miyoshi Umeki), Tada discovers that
Kobayashi is not even a soldier but a former circus performer
hidden in a cave in the hills by the villagers. While searching
one room, Matthew finds himself trapped in the bathroom when the
occupant returns. While serving time in jail, Major Manning wins
a mine in New Mexico from a fellow inmate. While setting a
wedding date, Brent realizes they are not suited, Mary confesses
her love to Jake, and Mary and Jake get married. While shadowed
by a guard, Keaton finds a criminal file showing that Beery has
been charged with bigamy and forgery. While sharing a romantic
dance, Sam and Austin begin to fall in love. While she attempts
to free herself a taxi collides with a dumpster and it comes
hurtling towards her. While she bonds with Bobby and Suzi, Pete
discovers that Emmadel is engaged to an aristocratic man, Wilbur
Stanley, whose office she works in. While she complies, Inès
tells him that Estelle is just feigning attraction to him so that
she can be with a man – any man. While she embraces him, she
removes a knife from a roast pig and throws it at the clock,
effectively stopping time. While she goes away to New York for
work for two months, David's friends persuade him to experience
the dating scene one more time. While she goes on running, an
anchor lowers and picks her up. While she is developing the
online romance between her mother and fake Ben, and preventing
her mother and the real Ben from meeting in person, she finds
herself drawn to a cute, artistic boy in her class, Adam (Ben
Feldman), but is unwilling to get close to anyone due to her
history of being uprooted and having to say goodbye so often.
While she is in the bathroom, a bouquet of flowers from Daniel is
delivered to the suite, and when Laurence sees the attached card,
he departs without explanation. While she is occupied with this
somewhat odd mission, her niece, Joan Heseltine (Penelope Dudley-
Ward), has become more and more affectionate towards the family
butler, Tom Gilbey (Michael Wilding), who accompanies the
delegation to Geneva, to the point of falling head over heels in
love with him. While she is on a months' leave of absence, a
chance misdial of the telephone introduces her to Sadig (Yemi
Blaq). While she is popular and successful selling "Pink Lady,"
there is nothing real or honest in her life. While she is still
on stage, the camp is attacked in a mortar barrage. While she is
struggling to keep him from calling the authorities, Valerie
comes to the realization that it's really Mac she loves. While
she is swimming in the nude, a pair of leopards appear and tear
her clothes while she hides in the reeds. While she is taking out
her breast pads and washing her mouth out, he steals some of her
money and a card before leaving. While she is visiting, Michelle
soon learns that her fiancé is not the perfect man that she
believed he was. While she plays Juliet to Shakespeare's Romeo,
the audience is enthralled, despite the tragic ending, until
Master Tilney arrives to arrest everyone for indecency due to
Viola's presence. While she pulls Suzi's loose tooth, Pete
pretends to be in love with Winnifred, Wilbur's fourth cousin
twice-removed, and laughs when Emmadel pratfalls on her huge
party dress. While she waits, she finds Lady Chiltern's letter.
While she's gone, Tom discovers that without her, being with
another woman week after week is not very fulfilling. While she's
performing, Derrick and the other seat fillers begin to stand up
holding white carnations, inspired by a story Jhnelle once told
him about her grandparents. While she's putting them on, a horse-
drawn carriage comes down the street, and a richly-dressed couple
inside the carriage invite Gil and Adriana for a ride. While
shopping for a present, he coincidentally encounters Carrie and
ends up helping her select her wedding dress. While shopping for
clothes, Crawl meets Tracy; a friend of Becca's from school.
While showing Praetorius the farm, Deborah admits her love for
him. While showing the girls his video a set of odd turn of
events occur and Elyse sees the video hurt, she leaves. While
sorting through his paper records, he discovers that his wedding
certificate was never signed by the priest who married him and
Maria (Lainie Kazan) fifty years before. While spending the night
with Sheeni on Christmas Eve, she reveals to him that she knew
from the beginning it was him, not Carlotta. While standing in
formation before a parade honoring the visiting royal family of
Flausenthurm, Niki takes the opportunity to wink at Franzi in the
crowd. While standing in the living room one day, a pixie appears
and asks Cindy if she would like to go to the ball. While still
on the air, the police proclaim that they are dangerous
terrorists who have forcefully taken over the AIR, and therefore
they are to be shot on sight. While taking a taxi to the
psychologist's office, Duke shaves with an electric razor he
invented, but his nervousness and stress result in leaving half
his mustache intact. While taking the subway home, Ally comes
across a Marie Claire magazine article entitled "What's Your
Number. While taking up an exam, Samantha receives an unknown
call, that turns out to be Top, the guy whom she called a
cheater, liar and a maniac but she ends up cursing the caller
when she was greeted rudely by the guy causing her phone to be
confiscated by their teacher. While talking about past crushes
growing up, they both realize that there was another Tom who
moved away after junior high school. While talking with Acuña,
Bob remarks that Maria's personality is like "the inside of a
refrigerator". While talking with Louis, Jenn is furious to learn
that Louis has a girlfriend and that he cheated on her with Jenn.
While teasing Bryan at the secret cove, Masha flees into the
rainforest and is kidnapped. While the Baron is in jail O'Hara
and O'Toole decide to flee the country. While the FBI agents
wrestle the body down, "Dave's" crew evacuates to one of the
ship's "lifeboat" shoes, activate the engines, detaches the shoe
and heads home to Nil, leaving behind both the ship and Number 2.
While the Parliament is in-session the next morning, Mia stumbles
upon a hidden room that allows her to secretly listen in. While
the bells are still pealing, Lauren and Daniel kiss and embrace.
While the boys are prepared for the ceremony, both thinking the
other man lost, plans are changed. While the deliveryman is
having dinner, Wyatt decides to empty the truck's gas tank in
order to stall him, but a carelessly flung cigarette butt sets
fire to the gas and causes the truck to explode. While the
disparity in financial situations between Olivia and her friends
creates some friction, each woman is facing her own individual
struggles. While the dormitory gate closes for curfew, Manuel and
Dado spend the rest of the night singing on the couch floating on
the river. While the entire family is out to dinner, Jack gets a
voicemail that the real Jinx is at their neighbor's house. While
the family celebrates, Bill again quotes from What We Talk About
When We Talk About Love: "I could hear my heart beating. While
the friends wait for the gasoline seller to fill Anatoly's
jerrycans, the two practice their English. While the girls are
dancing with their father, he collapses and dies. While the group
passes through a small town, Johnny falls for honor student Kathy
Winslow. While the household attends a local dance, the baby's
real mother arrives to pick up her baby. While the ladies have to
deal with Loretta, Lauren and Candace conspire to set her up with
Candace's Uncle Eddie. While the majority find it completely
absurd, especially Will, Jason defendsJ. While the majority of
the Bellas give Sam a chance, Jan seems to have a particular
dislike of him. While the others are outside listening to some
singers, Sweetland proposes to Mary Hearn, but she rejects him as
too old, and then bursts into hysterical laughter when he angrily
tells her that she is "full blown and a bit over". While the
others prepare his party, Billy visits Diana. While the others
wait to hear the status of his condition, a tearful and regretful
Patricia instructs the wives to fix their marriages (such as Mike
suggested to the husbands), and everyone makes up. While the
owners bicker, Boi and Countess immediately fall in love. While
the prince struggles to find her, Cindy heads to a nearby a
clock, therefore finding out she has to leave immediately. While
the rink practices for the Golden Broom tournament, Chris tries
to make amends with Julie, which is complicated by his feelings
for her younger sister Amy. While the sheikh acknowledges that
the project may sound crazy, he still believes that fishing is a
noble pursuit that promotes harmony and requires immense faith.
While the significant others are out at a bar complaining about
how interfering Eva is, they come across Mike's old friend Ray
Adams. While the special is still in the production stages,
jealousies lead to problems - and a whole lot of dancing. While
the team celebrates its success, Lazlo insists that the high-
energy laser can only be used as a weapon, and in fact that it
must have been conceived for this purpose. While the tension
between Mary and Connie is palpable, Dill is shocked to see Mary.
While the three have dinner one night with Jake's mother Ruth,
Ruth has a private conversation with Anna, where she tearfully
reveals that she knows about Anna and Jake's secret relationship.
While the two are great friends, Vicky is practical and
traditional in her approach to love and commitment and is engaged
to the reliable Doug (Chris Messina), whereas Cristina imagines
herself to be a nonconformist, spontaneous but unsure of what she
wants from life or love. While the two are perfectly comfortable
being naked and simulating sex on-set, they are shy and tentative
off-set. While the two get ready for a Halloween party, Bruce 2
visits Ely, admitting he enjoyed their kiss and wants to pursue
further. While the wedding begins in the background, Jenna leaves
in tears, closing her eyes and clinging to the dollhouse -- on
which a few bits of wishing dust still remain. While there Ann
meets Gilly and her two aunts, who are being escorted by two
gigolos (two other roommates of Gilly), who have come to spy on
their niece. While there Elizabeth hears an account of him from
the housekeeper as being kind and generous. While there Laura and
Frank fight causing Frank to leave in the middle of the night.
While there he wanders around the neighborhood, where he
witnesses a group of kids selling crack, and buys the group ice
cream. While there, David accidentally discovers that his father
has been dealing with diabetes and his foot has gangrene. While
there, Farnsworth is telling his friend, George Van Horne, that
any two people can fall in love, under the right circumstances.
While there, R finds Perry’s grave, and has a waking vision of
Perry. While there, Rosie lies about her age and says that she's
36, while Adam says that he is 32. While there, he hears singing
coming from a distant key (small island) and takes his boat to do
a little fishing. While there, he meets a recently divorced gay
man named Howard (Christopher Evan Welch), and admits something
that he has known most his adult life: that he is also gay. While
there, he meets stripper Julia and buys her chips from the club
vending machine when she has no money, for the sole reason of
"good karma payback". While there, he reconsiders his belief in
love and marriage and rushes to Jeremy's wedding. While there,
members of the Danish tabloid press ambush the couple. While
there, she also meets her boss's old friend, Reggie Durant (Basil
Rathbone), who falls in love with her. While there, she tells
Jess she is holding on for the birth of Jess' first child. While
there, the trio finds themselves captured by a tribe of violent
Amazons. While there,J. While they all blow off Susan's musings,
it sticks with them, and Barrie comes to the house to beg for
forgiveness. While they are brawling, the Germans sneak up and
capture them. While they are in Mimi's bedroom, Tonetti arrives,
revealing the truth, and holds them "prisoner" to suit the plan.
While they are out, Petch breaks in and copies her address book
for Miles, who has his assistant search among the names for
Marylin's accomplice in predatory marriage. While they are
trimming the tree, the eldest child Alicia arrives for the
holidays and is stunned by Drew's presence. While they are
waiting to hear about the Indian's condition, a young Frenchman
(Gerard Blain) approaches Sean about taking the Indian's job.
While they interact with a number of quirky customers, Jonathan
is haunted by the spirit of his late wife, who becomes
increasingly attractive to him with each ghostly apparition.
While they speak Polly's suitor, an insurance salesman, Bruce
Arnold (Wayne Morris), arrives to the building. While they try to
reconcile on the stairs, repo men ascend past them to Julia's
apartment, remove all her furniture and rob her of all the cash
in her savings box, while she remains helplessly bound. While
they wait, Tony confesses the truth to her. While they're
fighting, Bryce sneaks over to Juli's table, pulls her away from
her date, and asks if she likes Jon. While this is happening,
Ozzy can't take it anymore and leaves to confront Alexis. While
this lifts the zoo workers' morale, Dylan is unhappy about having
to stay; he confronts his father, and a heated argument ensues.
While threatening Stone, Blankman and Other Guy crash through the
window and attempt a rescue. While tipsy, Sylvia accepts a
marriage proposal from Tony. While traveling through the Fire
Swamp to evade Humperdinck's party, Westley tells Buttercup that
the Dread Pirate Roberts did attack his ship, but kept him alive
after he explained the depths of his love for her. While trying
to calm him down, Charity learns that he is not married. While
trying to come onto him, she reveals that she's always liked him
and that she was the one to put up the comment that drove him and
Brooklyn apart. While trying to find another hotel they crash
their undersized car into a snowbank, stuck until daylight and
once again unable to consummate their marriage. While trying to
find their way back, Chuck and 'Fearless' stumble upon skeleton-
laden caves. While trying to rescue her from plainclothes
government agents, Joe is ambushed and falls into a river after
being struck. While trying to restrain a drunk acquaintance, Slim
accidentally knocks Don out and is himself rendered unconscious
by the drunk man. While trying to sneak out the next morning
Teddy is spotted leaving by Miriam. While tucking her into bed,
she asks Rusty if his angel poem was about her; he admits it was.
While unpacking he turns on theV and sees Jhnelle on screen at an
award show. While unsuccessful at the start, Raj's class grows
with Vincent, (Mehul Shah), a gay teen who wants to dance
regardless of what his father thinks, Laxmi, (Pooja Kumar), a
South Indian woman new to this country and friendless, Puja,
(Mansi Patel) an unethusiastic high school student, who is being
dragged by her grandmother, Vina (Sarita Joshi). While visiting
Moscow for Kitty's confinement, Levin quickly gets used to the
city's fast-paced, expensive and frivolous society life. While
visiting her family home she is shocked to discover that he has
cancer and that she was the last to know behind her brother Ethan
(Ebon Moss-Bachrach), because her father felt she could not
handle the news. While waiting at the airport with Molly, Josh
receives a call from his parents and learns that his dad, Max, is
expected to die of cancer in the next 6 months. While waiting at
the light to turn toward either the hotel or the Retail Rodeo
store, she assess her future if she stays versus if she runs away
and becomes a fugitive with Holden. While waiting for Anabel,
they are unexpectedly joined by "Old Joe" (Eddie Albert),
Anabel's longtime hometown beau, who announces that he and Anabel
are finally going to get married. While waiting for Manise,
Cécile sees that the car has not had the exhaust changed as Alain
had said earlier. While waiting for a bout for the heavyweight
championship of the world, Steve performs in a musical revue.
While waiting for her to arrive to the dinner, the Prospector
imagines entertaining her with a dance of bread rolls on forks.
While waiting for repairs, Johnny uses the opportunity to see
Kathy. While waiting for the elevator to be repaired, Robbins
sympathizes with Hal's disappointment but tries to figure out his
ideas about women. While waiting overnight in the emergency room
in Sydney, Muriel calls her family home where she learns that the
Australian Federal Police are investigating her father for
corruption. While waiting to get rooms, Archie goes to a
blackjack table and has a brief altercation with a cocky gambler
named Dean. While walking home from school, she sees Javier
dancing at a street party, and he offers to walk her home. While
walking to the pool, James apologizes to Katey and then tells her
that Susie saw Javier with her and got him fired. While walking
with Riley, Celeste runs into Rupert (Rafi Gavron) a young, hot
model she had rejected after an awkward date, and introduces him
to Riley. While walking with Scotty in the park, Calvin sees a
woman that appears to be Ruby, but she has no recollection of
him. While watching a figure skating competition with her
mathematically inclined friend Ann, Casey realizes that her
favorite childhood hobby, ice skating, would make a perfect
project. While watching out her window, Helen turns around with
joy when the kids arrive, now hers. While we do not see what
happens to Michael, during the credits there is an abrupt break
where two characters, "Laina" and "Roy", who are obvious parodies
of Lelaina and Troy, have an argument about their relationship.
While wearing a pirate costume for a hot dog stand, James hears
about a Chicago-based remake of Paddy Chayefsky's 1955 Marty, his
favorite film, and one that mirrors his adult life. While working
after school at TRAX, a new wave record store, Andie starts
talking about her school's senior prom to her manager Iona, who
advises Andie to go despite not having a date. While working
after school at the local drug store, George sees that his
employer, mr Gower, distraught over his son's death from the flu,
has accidentally added poison to a child's prescription drug, and
intervenes to stop it from causing harm. While working as a
barroom bouncer, sailor Steve Morgan (Max Baer) impresses
alcoholic ex-boxing manager "the Professor" (Walter Huston) with
his skills. While working as a cigarette girl, she meets Gordon
Phillips (Norman Kerry), a handsome and wealthy but frivolous
young man, who is a society sculptor. While working at a penguin
habitat, Cam accidentally slips and chips her tooth. While
working at the Music Hall she meets Wechsberg again, and later
when she is accosted by a masher, she gets rid of him by claiming
that Wechsberg is her husband. While working together to win the
account of a tobacco company, they end up falling in love. Whilst
Anna is happy to be finally alone with Vronsky, he feels
suffocated. Whilst at the railway station to meet Anna, Stiva
bumps into Vronsky who is there to meet his mother, the Countess
Vronskaya. Whilst casting the show in London, Tom falls in love
with a newly engaged dancer, Anne Ashmond. Whilst hiding out they
have sex for the first time. Whilst keeping his mission a secret
from his fellow students, Cody sneaks around the estate and
confirms that Diaz and Duncan are working together and that they
have a working prototype of the mind control device, evidenced
when Duncan makes a dog serve drinks and play the piano. Whilst
nursing her back to health, Gary tells Karen that he sincerely
loves her. Whilst on a jog through the park, Jules discovers
Jess's skills, befriends her, and invites her to try out for the
local women's football team, the Hounslow Harriers coached by Joe
(Jonathan Rhys Meyers). Whit continues, but is taken to the
hospital after feeling pain in his leg. White changes the band's
name to "The Wonders" as they join a Midwestern Play-Tone tour,
taking along Jimmy's girlfriend, Faye (Liv Tyler) as their
official "costume mistress". White confronts him, and declares
the band a one-hit wonder, but commends Guy for his smarts and
integrity. Whitman also refuses to believe he has been dumped and
he begins stalking Martha and trying to woo her back in
increasingly ridiculous ways. Whitman at this point is revealed
to be a crafty, devious, narcissistic, sociopath who hides behind
a charming nice-guy persona that fools everyone he comes into
contact with. Whitman goes as far as to abduct Martha to Mexico
to marry her there. Whittier (Anne Judson-Yager) arrives at the
fictional California State College hoping to join the national
champion varsity cheerleading team. Whittier and Monica get fed
up and quit Tina's tyranny, but Whittier's school spirit cannot
be suppressed. Whittier meets Derek (Richard Lee Jackson), a
campusJ. Who in the hell are you to tell me. Who will Ellie
choose, her husband or the man who has stolen her heart. Why
doesn't Lauren share this with Brad. Wick is replaced by Bud when
it becomes clear that Wick does not trust his NASA crew. Wide
receiver Marvin "Shake" Tiller and running back Billy Clyde
Puckett are football buddies who play for a Miami pro team owned
by Big Ed Bookman (Preston). Widow Jessie Stevens (Jessie Royce
Landis) and her daughter Frances (Grace Kelly) top the list.
Wilbur offers Pete a ride to another house - but Pete talks him
into letting them stay at the Stanley family's gatehouse. Wilcot
goes to visit his uncle, and finds him to be an eccentric who has
turned his country house into a money-making operation for
visiting coach parties of tourists. Wilder has a monotonous job
in a minuscule Kwik Foto booth at a dying mall and is a volunteer
firefighter. Wilimena hints to Lindsey that Wesley would not stay
with someone poorer for long. Will Burton (Gaelan Connell) is a
music enthusiast and a David Bowie fan with a hint of rock and
roll and boy next door. Will agrees to, heartbroken, and leaves
town. Will and April have a chance meeting outside work, where
Will reveals he is going to propose to Emily. Will and Sa5m
quickly become friends but, shortly after, he is sought after by
another girl named Charlotte Barnes (Aly Michalka). Will cannot
forgive this conflict of interest, and he ends his relationship
with Summer. Will confesses to April that he held on to the copy
of Jane Eyre because it was the only thing he had left of her.
Will decides to hitchhike away from his hometown. Will detests
this nickname because it reminds him of his father, whom he is
ashamed of. Will discovers that Marlowe is dead, and thinks he is
to blame. Will finally speaks to Emma, and they spend the day
together, reminiscing on times passed. Will finds Lil's
handkerchief at Gaerste's place and correctly guesses what Lil
has done. Will first meets Summer when he gives her the package,
a diary that she wrote when she was a teenager (which, among
other things, tells of her brief affair with Emily). Will gamely
goes along with Joan's plan, but insists her bedroom is too small
for the two of them, and sleeps on the living room couch. Will
gets drunk and confesses his growing romantic feelings for April,
but he starts an argument with her when he implies that she is
wasting her life working in a book store. Will goes to April's
apartment to give her the book, but he decides against it when he
meets Kevin, who is now living with her. Will is a vagabond
street performer (juggler). Will is so excited and overwhelmed
that he falls down in the middle of the school hallway (close to
the same position as the front cover of Bowie's Lodger album).
Will learns that April is single again, and he attempts to give
her the copy of Jane Eyre. Will reluctantly gives in, but decides
to change the names and some of the facts relating to the various
love affairs of his youth, thereby creating a love mystery; Maya
is left guessing which of the women will turn out to be her
mother. Will runs away to San Francisco, leaving behind money to
make up for the bail his brother paid. Will stands Sa5m up,
breaking the date for a concert with Charlotte. Will starts
losing his "loser-status", but the band gets in the way of
completing a project he was going to do with Sa5m. Will suddenly
remembers the video Sa5m's mother showed him earlier and suggests
that they perform "Everything I Own", since it is the only other
song Sa5m knows. Will then discloses he has been following her
everywhere for years, but does not get the chance to explain his
love for her, as she is distressed at his stalking behavior. Will
then stays with his childhood friend Joe, telling him he is going
to announce his love for Emma to her tomorrow. Will they be able
to overcome their past and become lovers instead. Will volunteers
instead resulting in Will andJ. Will walks in and witnesses the
fight. Will's good intentions only cause trouble. William and
Uberta have Odette and Derek meet every summer, hoping they'll
fall in love. William begins talking with Mike, who apologizes
for bullying him. William forgives him, and the two seemingly
become friends. William persuades his friend to pretend to not
know him and interrupt their breakfast. Willie arranges their
bail and takes Marion to the family mansion where, having left
her keys, she tries to crawl through the window, causing the pair
to be arrested again and the story to land in the headlines of
the local papers. Willie initially thinks that Marion is an Army
deserter, but after he explains his discharge for medical
reasons, she gives him a job as the family chauffeur, even though
Wiggins, the eccentric old caretaker of the estate, has
misgivings. Willie innocently asks one of the brothers where the
McKay estate is. Willie inquires about Mickey's whereabouts, but
the narrator faints in shock while the companion tells Willie
goodnight. Willie is not so certain about that, but is too shrewd
to have Steve killed out of hand by his bodyguard, whom he
jokingly calls his "Adopted Son" (Robert McWade). Willie is very
disappointed to discover the McKay "estate" is a rundown home,
not the stately mansion he had imagined. Willie offers to sell
the shop to Monty for a $10,000 deposit. Willie offers to show
off his powers, and Mickey, spotting a nearby fly-swatter, asks
him to change into a fly. Willing to give Joe one last shot, Ray
gives him an assignment to serve British socialite Sara Moore
(Elizabeth Hurley) with divorce papers from her husband, Gordon
(Bruce Campbell), who is at his ranch in Texas with his mistress,
Kate (Amy Adams), while Sara is vacationing in upstate New York.
Willingham becomes King Cedric I and decide to fulfil Ralph's
legacy as a great king from him, and Ralph pursues his
relationship with Miranda, along with his dreams of being a rock
star. Willoughby gets $50, a new suit of clothes, and a plush
hotel suite with his tramp friend "The Colonel" (Walter Brennan),
who launches into an extended diatribe against "the heelots",
lots of heels who incessantly focus on getting money from others.
Willoughby having decided to go home in disguise, he is convinced
by Nicole to stay after she hears him criticize his uncle while
talking to his mother on the telephone. Willows accidentally
discovers who Gloria really is, but an attraction forms. Willows
calms down and tries to make it up to her, visiting the apartment
Gloria shares with Sally Long, another chorus girl. Willows
stipulates that Randy will be disinherited should he elope with
this girl. Willy Signori is a journalist in Milan, bored by his
work. Willy catches Brandy, Wendy, Fiona, and adult members of a
male grunge band in the pool after hours. Willy goes to the Klark
house to stop Brandy from having sex with Rusty, but is met at
the door by Amber, who seduces him. Willy is the calm, and
intends to live with her, so that she recovers from shock. Wilma
angrily runs away to Bronto King in Bedrock. Wilma breaks up with
Fred over not spending any time with her. Wilma happily accepts,
rejecting Chip, and they marry in the Rock Vegas Chapel of Love,
while the gangsters prepare to make Chip pay in their own manner.
Wilma invites her new friends home to a birthday party for her
father, Colonel Slaghoople, where all are shocked by her wealth.
Wilson (Scoot McNairy), a 29-year-old man who has just endured
the most miserable year of his life, newly arrived in the City of
Angels, is alone and penniless as New Year's Eve approaches.
Wilson gives Maura her €9,000 euro and then leaves with his
African girlfriend. Win conceives the idea of turning an
abandoned girls' school into a hotel. Wingate has an idea; he
signs the company for his Broadway show as a comedy act, though
the Bolivars and the rest of the actors are deceived into
believing their play has been appreciated. Wini and Gloria's
business manager, Roger Pelham (Paul Cavanagh), want the divorce
to go through for their own (never explained) reasons. Winnie
finds out that Britney's cheering with the Warriors and reveals
this to her friends. Winnie protests, dismissing CH's style as
"ghetto," to which Rihanna responds that she judges a squad by
their skills and not by where they come from. Winnifred concedes
the fight, and Emmadel declares that she's proud to be a
fisherman's daughter. Winnifred's newfound confidence bubbles
over at the wedding rehearsal. Winona and Bong become a lot
closer to each other. Winona has lupus and she will die soon.
Winona on the other hand, seems to be also showing interest in
Bong, but he is too insensible to notice this. Winona was
devastated after knowing that Bong is dying. Winter finds the six
younger brothers pining for the girls for whom they had fallen
fast and hard. Winthrop adds legitimacy to the group since he was
the financial editor of newspaper in Yonkers. Winthrop cannot
stop thinking about her and believes she is in New York. Wise
Guy" by the brutal guard Jed Miller (Dick Ryan). Wishing she
could instead pursue a career as a music producer in Los Angeles,
Beca spends her time making mash-up mixes of songs and takes up
an internship at the school radio station, where she gets to know
fellow freshman Jesse Swanson (Skylar Astin). Wishing to break up
the two, Aunt Margaret sends Ann away to finishing school.
Wishing to escape her troubles, if only for a short time, Agnes
dreams of finding enough money to attend an upcoming Tom Jones
concert. Wishing to pursue a career as a jazz saxophonist, Pete
Hammond Jr. Wishing to take revenge on Tramp, Buster lures Scamp
into getting caught by the dogcatcher. Witches and warlocks
usually use physical gestures along with their incantations. With
Al's encouragement and aid, Val keeps his blindness a secret from
the cast and studio head. With Annie, it is different. With
Banks's help, Doherty manages to get Norton back, and they are
married a year later. With Barney's opponent Woods now running an
aggressive campaign to discredit Barney, Howard and Opie try to
convince Andy to re-enter the race, saying that Barney doesn't
stand a chance. With Beauregard's continuing success and
increasing prize amount, Waters becomes uneasy, as the winnings
will potentially erode Milady's profits. With Bumper gone, Jesse
persuades the Trebles to let his previously rejected roommate
Benji (Ben Platt) join the group in Bumper's place. With
Christmas approaching, Henry's schedule becomes increasingly
burdensome, and Dudley begins to spend most of his time with
Julia and Jeremiah. With David due to go to the Alaskan Territory
for engineering work for the United States Government, the pair
decide to elope. With Farnsworth's money to smooth the way,
Corkle trains him and arranges a bout with the current
heavyweight champion, but mr Jordan returns to warn Joe that,
while he is destined to be the champion, it cannot happen that
way. With Fay's encouragement, Alfie apologizes to Abby about
leaving her apartment in a huff and asks her for a proper dinner.
With Gordon injured, Chris is forced to curl with a rink of
three. With Grace's help, however, Andrew gets documents that
prove the fashion company's sweatshop connection, which causes
the company's and his father's downfalls. With Halley at her
side, Scarlett reveals the pregnancy to her mother. With
Jennifer's feelings beginning to become confused, she begins to
feel the weight of how important her marriage actually is to her
family. With Jenny not at work one day, Jarrod gives Lily an
invitation to his "dress as your favourite animal" party to pass
along to her, but Jenny crumples it up and throws it away upon
receiving it. With Jenny's encouragement, Forrest runs away from
a group of bullies, struggling until his leg braces break off and
he finds that he is able to run very fast. With Jessica's help,
Jonah flies to New York without his father's permission and goes
to the Empire State Building searching for Annie. With Josh's
help, Dave takes the metal ball back from the bully. With Laida's
help, Miggy slowly learns to be more of a team player and the
true value of loyalty. With Larry facing a court-martial,
Rosalind tries to help him by accepting blame for the
unauthorized flight to the island. With Lauren's help they set
the gondola in motion and cuddle as the boat glides under the
bridge. With Lonnie and Dean's help, they prepare for the party
and invite several people including the bachelorette group from
the nightclub, exotic dancers, a band of transvestite
entertainers, and cast members of Zarkana. With Mannion dead,
Jones collects a reward and takes a long-desired cruise to
Shanghai with Wilhelmina. With Mary's stellar performance, the
Hot Chili Steppers take first place in the compulsory
competition, while the Dutch Dragons take second, much to their
astonishment. With Max she quarrels but settles the matter later
in a pub. With Monica's help, she gathers up the outcasts from
the drama club, the dance club, and other groups that have lost
their funding because of the squad and forms a ragtag squad of
her own, determined to battle the varsity squad for a spot at the
national championship. With Prince Humperdinck's rescue party in
hot pursuit, the man in black flees with Buttercup. With Red's
help, Tom rescues Lisa and she falls in love with him. With Ron's
involuntary help (Dexter ties him up in his dressing room and
steals his car), Dexter presents his case to Kate in a busy
hospital ward. With Ruby (Wanda Sykes), her assistant, she tries
everything possible to drive Charlie away. With Tod deceased, the
rightful king is reinstated and he reverses the polarity on the
Magnobeam to send Dick and Marge back home to Southern
California. With VIP access given to him by Sandie, Derrick tries
to meet Jhnelle at a shoot for her music video. With Victor gone,
Victoria's parents decide to marry her off against her will to a
presumed-wealthy newcomer in town named Lord Barkis Bittern
(Richard Grant), who appeared at the wedding rehearsal. With
Zidler's help, Toulouse and the rest of the troupe pitch the show
to the Duke with an improvised plot about an evil maharajah
attempting to woo an Indian courtesan who loves a poor sitar
player ("The Pitch (Spectacular Spectacular)"). With a better
life provided for her child, Helen continues the ruse while Bill
Harkness (John Lund), who is the brother of the deceased Hugh,
falls in love with her. With a group of local street musicians,
Toninho sneaks into the studio and onto the set, serenading
Isabella on the live broadcast. With a gun secretly pointed at
him, Lambert is forced to insist on a price of $150,000. With a
hundred eyes on the couple, a coworker coaxes, "Kiss him. With a
little help from the Tooth Fairy, Scott and Curtis return to the
North Pole. With a live camera behind her, Stacy responds with,
"I should tear your eyes out right now. With a shoulder bag and a
heart tattooed on her left shoulder, Charity meets her boyfriend
Charlie in Central Park. With a special announcement the pieces
are returned and Christmas saved. With all of his efforts, he
tries to show Henry his affection and feelings, but Dean
eventually tells Henry that he couldn't live together with him.
With all other orders filled, the group catches a rhino without
serious incident, and the Indian agrees that the jinx is broken.
With an army of elves, Carol, Bernard, Charlie and Curtis lead a
snowball war to overthrow the toy soldiers. With assistance from
Bear, who poses as a butler named "Mr. With both Eddie and Dave
about to join the United States Army Air Forces, Eddie
impulsively proposes to Mary. With both of them trying to locate
Roberta, her husband Gary (Mark Blum) encounters the wild Susan.
With each new story, Paul can't help but notice the attractive
blonde, Irma Johnson, who lives nearby. With each truly enjoying
the others company, they stay in a hotel in separate beds where
Alison finally confesses to Wes that she is very happy and wants
things to stay as they are so they do not lose what has
developed. With everything cleared up, Max proposes to the
youngest daughter and she and the father accept. With everything
now fine, Andy drives home and tells his father, "women are habit
forming". With everything wrapped up, Dal finally gives in and
marries Donna. With help from Laney's friend, Jesse Jackson
(Elden Henson), Zack eventually is successful in getting Laney to
take him to a theater lounge frequented by artists and
performers. With help from her friend Lisa—and a "baby bump"
stolen from a mannequin—Thea fakes her pregnancy while figuring
out her next move. With help from his two ex-pimp friends Pope
Sweet Jesus (Eddie Griffin) and Lord Have Mercy (Katt Williams)
and the other townspeople, Norbit manages to meet with Kate
without Rasputia's knowledge. With help from several talented
students, Carlos, the music teaching assistant (Ethel Smith), and
Steve's friend Harry James and his orchestra, Steve meets
Hendricks' challenge and is awarded an "A". With help from the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, Ava and Tanzie remove Tommy
as the CEO. With her charade exposed, Genevieve leaves town in
disgrace and Starla reclaims her status in school and town
although she never achieved her ambition of becoming a reporter
nor getting a college scholarship, she now feels that she's a
changed woman. With her parents out of town on a two-week
Caribbean vacation, Terri decides to remedy the situation. With
her sight restored, the girl has opened up a flourishing flower
shop with her grandmother. With her, Jon forms an emotional
sexual connection that does not leave him restless to watch
pornography. With her, he sees that in his absence the other
wedding guests make fun of him and his shallow lifestyle. With
high school behind him, Andy Hardy (Mickey Rooney) decides that
as an adult, it's time to start living his life. With his ally
eliminated, Jerry revives Spike by hitting him with a wooden
plank. With his brothers captured, Nicky is ready to save his
father. With his business inA. With his car fixed, he tries to
sneak out of town, but his departure is delayed when he finds
Kyle and Mary Owens stranded by the side of the road with Mary in
deep labor. With his ego insulted that there is a girl he cannot
charm, John becomes determined to get her. With his father
already killed in World War II, Tommy is sent to a foundling
home. With his friends from school Joe was searching for German
aircraft, but instead they saw a woman undressing in her bedroom.
With his introverted personality and idealistic view of what it
means to be in love, Calvin also struggles in finding
relationships, feeling most women are only interested in an
idolized and preconceived notion of who they believe him to be.
With his mission completed and knowing that Julia loves her
husband, Dudley leaves, promising never to return. With his new-
found freedom from loneliness in jeopardy, a surprisingly
aggressive and poised Barry adeptly fights off all four of the
goons in a matter of seconds, using a tire iron as a weapon. With
his newfound fame comes girls, top grades and even the dean's car
but as the year goes on, Todd realizes that he is losing his
friends and self-respect. With his old friend and his ex-wife
rooting him on, a heartened Steve makes a furious comeback in the
final rounds. With his plan gone awry, Acuña orders Bob to leave
Buenos Aires, and composes a farewell love note on his behalf.
With his side-kick (Vincent Kok), Jimmy steals a personal diary
belonging to a Yakuza leader, Ken Sato (Masaya Kato), intending
to use its details as a platform for blackmailing and to extort
money. With his stock profits and reluctant business partner
Tommy Gray's backing, Godfrey has built a fashionable nightclub
at the now-closed East River dump called "The Dump", ". With his
work done, Dudley gives the Biggs family a fully decorated
Christmas tree as a gift. With less than 20 seconds, he has to
complete the circuit. With little past experience with women,
Beauregard initially succumbs to Flame's charms, and loses his
general sang-froid in her presence. With mere minutes until they
both lose a fortune, Joe and Sara trail Gordon to a monster truck
rally. With no exhibit Rosa is now forced to create something for
the gallery that already has her booked and she ends up being
turned into a dove as a magic act. With no money to pay for
passage, they are forced to scrub the deck and shovel coal. With
no money, they tell a kind-hearted gondolier, Eugenio (Joseph
Long), that they recently married against her parents' wishes.
With no one else to stay with, Tammy sets off for Brentwood Hall,
Peter's home. With no other options left, Top and Samantha decide
to live-in, far away from their families. With no other options,
the girls let him stay the night, and R has another Perry dream.
With no place to keep it, Tommy makes a present of it to June.
With no power, Dave's shields are disabled, leaving the crew
defenseless. With no surviving clan member opening the portal in
the past 100 years, ghosts have overcrowded the now-abandoned
mansion. With no ticket and no money, Connie is rescued by Hugh
Winterbourne (Brendan Fraser) and taken to his private
compartment. With no time for men, the effect an attractive
stranger has on her at her sister's wedding is unnerving. With no
time for testing before the race, he applies it to the boat's
hull and prays it will hold the Rawhide together. With no way to
get out of it, Kate and Brad find themselves visiting their
families on Christmas Day. With no widow or legitimate children,
it is initially unclear who would earn the right to Blake's
massive fortune. With nothing to lose, Joe accepts. With nowhere
else to go, Connie believes it is best for her and her baby to
accept the offer to go to Grace's home. With only seconds to
spare, Steve manages to trick the dog long enough to escape back
to his dingy basement room. With only weeks before the next Pan-
Pacific competition, try-outs begin to find Scott a new dance
partner but, unknown to his parents, Scott secretly begins
rehearsing with frumpy outsider Fran (Tara Morice), a beginner
dancer at his parents' studio. With prodding from Scrap and
impressed with her persistence, Frankie reluctantly agrees to
train Maggie. With renewed confidence, "Tin Cup", a nobody from
nowhere, shocks the golf world by breaking theS. With sadness,
they go their separate ways. With saying that, she leaves his
house and cries leaning on his door. With service ended, local
merchants will find it difficult to get their merchandise. With
some degree of decency restored, Lydia visits Elizabeth and tells
her that Mr Darcy was at the wedding. With that as leverage, she
gets Amelia rehired. With that knowledge, the next question on
Masquerade for Money is for Beauregard to explain Einstein's
theory. With that, Donna realizes that Christine has cheated her
way to the top route, wanting success herself but knowing that
Donna would pass better. With that, Hater simply leaves. With
that, the two tearfully call off their wedding. With the $5000
check in hand, he proposes to Iris instead; she cannot say no.
With the Navy, in the form of obnoxious Cmdr. With the President
of France about to arrive in the United States to attend a state
dinner in his honor, Shepherd—widowed when his wife died of
cancer three years earlier—is placed in an awkward predicament
when his cousin Judith, with whom he had planned to attend the
dinner, gets sick. With the Sheikh's intervention, Samantha is
released, but is left with a permanent police record. With the
agency set to lose its biggest account &ndash; Stay-Put Lipstick
&ndash; he hatches an idea to get the perfect model and
spokeswoman for Stay-Put's new line of lipstick, the famous
actress with the "oh-so-kissable lips", Rita Marlowe (Jayne
Mansfield). With the church affairs in order, O’Malley and
Fitzgibbon go on a golf course together. With the deadline only
days away, however, Marge pretends to go out of town for a couple
of weeks. With the encouragement of her best friend Tutti
(Lalaine), Sara begins a relationship with Josh (Drew Tyler
Bell), the solitary photographer on the school newspaper. With
the help of Hippolyte, Nestor arranges for the police to search
for him along the Seine from which, dressed as Lord X, he
emerges. With the help of Julius (they cannot cross the border
without an adult) and 18,000 francs won on a horse race, the
three travel by train but miss their connection to Verona after
Julius gets into a conversation during the stop at the Italian
border. With the help of Prince Nicholaus, Freddie and Mike are
reunited in time for the grand opening. With the help of Roz's
granddaughter (Isabella Acres), she creates a fake social media
profile in order to find information about him, and discovers
that he loves an electropop band that is planning an upcoming
concert in the area. With the help of a computerized stock
analyzing program called Carmen, Garfield has identified New
England Wire & Cable as his next target. With the help of ex-gay
Mike (RuPaul), they surprise her with an intervention. With the
help of her brother, her best friend Mia and her Chinese nanny
Chin Chan – who is, in fact, a professional trainer of
superheroes – Poli will attempt to learn how to master her powers
to become the superheroine that she is intended to be and fight
against evil, as she muddles through the ups and downs of
adolescence and the challenge of growing up. With the help of her
magician, Count Oga, she transforms herself into a witch and
succeeds in getting Snow White to take a bite from a poisoned
apple. With the help of her stylist friend, Paul (Jonathan
Sadowski), she is transformed into "Sebastian" and attends
Illyria in his place. With the help of his brother and fellow
conman Seymour (Wayans), he charges large amounts of money to the
cards with the intention of impressing Amber. With the help of
his publisher and friend, Sam (Daniels), Blackwood invents an
alibi for Nina to secure her release. With the help of his salsa
classmates, teacher, and his former dancing partner, his sister
Sam, Bruce gets up the courage to relearn all his 'rusty' dance
steps and to recapture his lost "corazón" (heart), not only for
the dance but for his life. With the help of sympathetic
immigration attorney Orlando Ramirez, a Cuban emigrant, Vladimir
soon adapts to life in the United States. With the help of the
Piggly Wiggly customers and the reluctant agreement of Pete, the
girls raise the $100 entrance money as Pete reveals to his
superior that he will leave for Richmond to go to college after
he has a discussion "with someone about going to Richmond with
me". With the help of the locals, the three men conducted a
guerrilla war against the Japanese. With the help of witches and
saints, Isabella finally conquers the heart of her Prince and
marries him. With the news that he is free from the contract,
Stroker wins the championship in spectacular fashion by flipping
his car over as he crosses the finish line. With the police, an
assassin, and a jealous ex-boyfriend to run from, he discovers
that he will need all the ingenuity he can muster to survive.
With the prize returned and the house spared, Hoops and Cassandra
engage in a kiss and finally gives Hoops his love story for his
application. With the prompting of Mary and the other campers,
Megan reluctantly agrees that she is a lesbian (step 1 of the
five-step program). With the restaurant closed, Toninho
apologizes to Yemanja, but tells her to "stay out of [his]
business" with Isabella. With the romance between Milly and
Gaspard not proceeding very well, Pimm suggests to Milly that the
young couple spend a romantic night together at his private
villa. With the teenagers demoralized and discredited, Honeywagon
plans to turn Bikini Beach into a senior citizens retirement
home. With the upcoming spring dance, Boof agrees to go with
Scott, but only if he goes as himself, not the Wolf. With the
whole world against Lexie (even the Tribune is pushing her to
retract her story), Dodge concocts a clever ruse. With the
witches' help, Walter is able to overcome his fears and help
defeat the murderer, who is killed by believing that the fencing
staged in opera is actual lethal swordplay, dying despite not
actually being injured. With their remaining time running out,
Gabe tries to move closer to Rosemary, but only drives her away.
With their secret marriage, Emily's documentary, and James'
ultimatum to learn Mandarin or lose Emily, life suddenly becomes
very busy for the young pair. With their wives and children away,
Fred and Rick check in at a hotel and prepare for their Hall Pass
Week. With this knowledge, Elizabeth decides to change her style
of teaching, forcing the class to intensely read and study To
Kill A Mockingbird for the upcoming test. With tips from Irish
caddy Tommy Milligan on how to play the game on the course and at
home, Jim challenges his estranged wife to a match and
demonstrates that he's a changed man. With what they have
learned, the girls successfully manage to clear the Marchetta
name and reclaim the company when they revealed that Tommy was
behind the scandal and plotted to sell the company to Fabiella at
a cheap price when she, Tommy, the Chairman of the Board of
Directors, and some other people meet with them. Withers soon
gets bored of home-life and the in-laws and yearns for dancing
again. Withers' and Carol's parents are shocked by news of the
marriage. Within a day, she's run away and is taken in by Nettie,
who runs a bed and breakfast. Within a few days the sign is up
and she is thrilled. Within half an hour of her arrival, Jenny
meets Patrick Standish, an acquaintance of the Thompsons, who
wastes no time in asking if he can ring her to arrange a date.
Within her two-week stay, Teddy and Chick fall in love and spend
every day together. Within three months, Johann becomes the
leader of his party. Without "Doll Face" as headliner, the Gayety
Theatre struggles and Mike is forced to finally shut it down.
Without a passport, Jerry is stuck in Mexico until further notice
by the American Consulate. Without any friends, shunned by Aaron,
and despised by the school, Cady takes full blame for the Burn
Book and becomes an outcast. Without any royalty money, Harold
figures he cannot ask Mary to marry him. Without consulting
Courtney, Taylor uses her party money for the employees, thus
causing a very big fight between the two of them. Without it,
nothing is possible; with it, one can do anything. Without
letting Lucy speak, Miss Bartlett refuses the offer, looking down
on the Emersons because of their unconventional behaviour and
thinking it would place her under an "unseemly obligation"
towards them. Without revealing her true identity, Gloria lands a
job at Willows' firm as a switchboard operator. Without revealing
his true identity, he agrees. Without struggling with his pride,
Bill invests the money in a new and bigger diner, and he is ready
to try to win back his lost love Suzanne. Witnessing such
splendor, Lisa is both surprised and touched by the fact that
Akeem would have given it up just for her. Witty small talk about
such topics as the wedding party and their own past relationships
gradually reveals to the viewing film audience that they are not
strangers, but in fact that they share an intimate past. Women
are crazy about him, and he has no peace of mind. Women are mere
playthings to him, plus he's a master con man. Wondering what has
happened to her youth and feeling stagnant and in a rut, Shirley
finds herself regularly alone and talking to the wall while
preparing an evening meal of egg and chips for her emotionally
distant husband. Woo and Crowchild become a couple. Wood Harris
is the Chief Resident, who teaches the trainees how to save lives
and not take themselves too seriously, all the while hiding a
chilling secret of his own. Woody Deane (Kevin Zegers) and Nell
Bedworth (Samaire Armstrong) are neighbors and former childhood
friends who go to the same high school, but are otherwise
completely different. Woody and Breanna are selected as the Home
Coming King and Queen. Woody is a popular varsity football player
while Nell is a girl who loves literature but lacks social
skills. Word leaks out to the press and Gary is now the
laughingstock of New York. Word of Gidget's disappearance gets
around to her friends and Abby, who shows deep regret for the
trouble she has caused. Working as a television writer for a low-
rated sitcom, Those McAllister's, Taylor Peters (Matthew
Broderick) has developed a few vices, such as drinking, drug
abuse and compulsive gambling, which have previously damaged his
career to the extent that he takes sessions with an analyst only
so his wife Lorraine (Maura Tierney) can feel he is taking the
cure. Working for Kranski as a car thief, Vince finds solace in
welding sculptures out of metal and old car parts in Kranski’s
chop shop. Working the night shift as a toll collector on a
lonely stretch of highway in Buffalo, New York, Henry is a man
seemingly without ambition, dreams or purpose; a man sleepwalking
his way through life. Working-class Tom Leezak and upper-class
Sarah McNerney meet up when Tom accidentally hits Sarah with a
football. Working-class girl Molly (Poulton) finds a necklace and
hands it in to the police. Worried by this, Helmut begins a lot
of new affairs and his parents get divorced at that time. Worried
for Maggie’s safety, Ted calls his Paris-based columnist friend,
Herb Stone (Richard Crenna), to look after her in Paris. Worried
that her parents are cheating on each other, Gidget and Jeff make
up a plan. Worried that the same thing will happen to Cam, Chuck
begins to avoid her. Worried, Irene stages a fainting spell and
falls into Godfrey's arms. Worse, Ricki's ex-girlfriend, Robin
(Missy Crider), shows up at Gigli's apartment, accusing Ricki of
changing sexual orientation. Worse, the Sheikh decides to cancel
the PR meeting and ceases paying for the remainder of the women's
luxurious stay. Worth desk of a Dallas newspaper, and as the two
neighboring cities are feuding, therefore has nothing to do.
Wracked with guilt, Paula refunds Al and Sue's money. Writer
David Shrader (Mackenzie Astin), takes a job at the cafe, and
Frankie falls in love with him, while he attempts to cure her
insomnia, she reads his writings, and the two take turns reciting
philosophical quotes and guessing their source. Writer Jamie
(Colin Firth) is pushed to Juliet and Peter's wedding by his
girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) as she feigns illness. Writing in
her diary, she thinks she will never find her true love. Written
by Felix Jackson and Bruce Manning, the film is about three
sisters who believe life is going to be easy now that their
parents are back together, until one sister falls in love with
another's fiance, and the youngest sister plays matchmaker.
Written by Samuel Hoffenstein and Elizabeth Reinhardt, the film
is about a young girl who visits New York City to see her half-
brother, and to try to start a music career. Wu is willing to
drop the charges in exchange for becoming Herbie's new owner. Wu
regretfully tells Jim of the wager and that in accordance with
its terms this is true. Wu replies to this proposal in clear
English: "Now you speak my language. Wyatt Trips (Paul Rudd) is a
student at Twin Cities College, Minneapolis, Minnesota. Wyatt and
Ivy go to the Global Express office where, by chance, they
encounter a spiteful classmate of Wyatt's (Sarah Silverman) who
refuses to help them. Wyatt and Ivy then steal a drunk's car and
drive to Kim's campus. Wyatt breaks into the truck and locates
the package, but the truck unexpectedly drives off. Wyatt buys an
air ticket to Memphis, but his co-passenger turns out to be a
serial killer, John Dwayne Beezly (Tobin Bell), who takes him
hostage. Wyatt complies by sending the package through Global
Express, an overnight delivery service. Wyatt correctly surmises
that the guy is none other than "The Ricker" and Kim was cheating
on him after all. Wyatt escapes and runs into Ivy on the road.
Wyatt loves Kim, even though they have never consummated their
relationship. Wyatt tries to talk the deliveryman (Larry Drake)
into giving him the package, but he thinks Wyatt is a spy for the
company, and refuses to break the rules. Xiao-jie’s grandmother
(played by Hai-rong Shen) has amnesia and confuses reality with
dreams. Yancy tells her to be glad that she is staying at the
general store and will be cared for by mr Forbes (Jim Backus) and
his wife (Betty Harford). Yancy tells him to get out of there or
else. Yardley chastises Elizabeth for being out all night and
accuses her of neglecting her child. Yardley witnesses her
leaving with the child, and assumes someone is kidnapping the
baby. Years after his debut novel, Harper is struggling with
writer's block, financial difficulties, and pressure from his
publisher to come up with newer and better material for his next
book. Years earlier, Grimes had lost Virgie to his old friend
Hugo Barnstead (Neil Hamilton), and is consumed with the desire
to get even with his rival. Years go by until one day 9-year-old
son Robbie (Lee Montgomery) is stricken with a fatal illness.
Years had gone by, Qiushui married Jindi and settled in Tibet.
Years later in Paris, Karan is visiting his father (Rishi
Kapoor), when he runs into Rhea. Years later, Jerry is now a
captain on the police force, and little Nellie (also played by
Judy Garland) has grown up as the spitting image of her mother.
Years later, he goes back on his promise and proposes to his
girlfriend, Betsy (Parker), and quickly arranges a Las Vegas
marriage. Years later, in 1989, the Berlin wall falls and the
Cold war ends. Years later, while fleeing the same group of
bullies, he runs onto a football field during a practice observed
by legendary coach Paul "Bear" Bryant, which gets him into the
University of Alabama on a football scholarship. Yes, when she
checks, Darla's groom is "James Nicholas Corina". Yet again,
Jimmy consoles Mimi and they agree on ending their quarrel over
their different views on morality. Yet she cannot say the same
about the matter of Yvette. Yet to do so she must make him seem
more dynamic and attractive. Yet when his girlfriend Linda
(MacDowell) gets enough of his lifestyle and leaves him, he
decides to mend his ways and make one last big score, something
that will help him win Linda back and straighten out his life.
Yet, he has no documentation to attest to hisS. You do or you
wouldn't have lost your temper". You just won't know it". You
killed my father. You moved. You're gonna ban me from the ramp.
You're gonna be all right". Young Crown Prince Karl Heinrich
(Philippe De Lacy), heir to the kingdom of Karlsburg, is brought
to live with his stern uncle, King Karl VII (Gustav von
Seyffertitz). Young Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) wants to be in
motion pictures, so her father (Dell Henderson) drives her across
the country from their home in Georgia to Hollywood. Young
advises psychiatric help and tells Lincoln that a new love
interest for Ina could solve the problem. Young bachelors and
best friends Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble have recently
qualified as crane operators at Slate & Company. Young lovers
Holden and Skylar in Manhattan; Skylar's parents, Bob and Steffi;
Joe, an ex-husband of Steffi; DJ, a daughter from the marriage of
Joe and Steffi; Von, a lady whom Joe meets in Venice; a recently
released prison inmate, Charles Ferry, who is inserted between
Skyler and Holden, resulting in their breakup. Young surfer Mike
Samson (Tommy Kirk), the local beach jock, is quite the ladies'
man until he meets Delilah Dawes (Deborah Walley). Young widow
mrs Peggy Donato (Janis Carter) comes to see her old flame, Dick,
to try to get him to run her much larger bookmaking operation
(inherited from her late husband). Yount allows Chris to retake
the shot, to which Chris changes up his shot. Your seat has
already been taken. Yvonne Torro (Cyd Charisse), her best friend
and fellow movie star, secretly wants Ricardo for herself. Zach
(Gutierrez) is a rich boy forced to find and keep a job after a
major blunder in a company he set up. Zach brings Beth to her
grave and informs her of her death and resurrection, then tries
to break up with her, only for her to angrily run off with his
car. Zach confesses to Maury that he and Beth were having
problems in their relationship; Maury advises him not to let the
end of the relationship define it. Zach convinces Geenie to
leave, then calms Beth by promising to hike with her like she
always asked him to. Zach eventually comes to realize that his
life in the Mid-West is not so bad and he gains a new
appreciation for his family and friends. Zach goes to a friend's
house to 'crash' while Georgina heads home. Zach invites Erica
for dinner and she accepts, smiling as they drive off. Zach is
overjoyed about the news. Zach is reunited with his family at the
safehouse, along with a traumatized Erica (Anna Kendrick), who
was forced to kill her own grandmother. Zach reveals that he
wants children too, however an upset Georgina leaves and Ben has
to explain to Zach what had been going on. Zach starts to notice
people around town acting similarly to Beth, who has grown
increasingly violent and has mood swings; he also discovers
smooth jazz can calm her down. Zach visits the graves of Beth and
Maury, leaving Beth's scarf on her tombstone, and a knight chess
piece on Maury's. Zach walks home and discovers his family
members shocked by the sudden reappearance of his dead
grandfather. Zach yells at the Slocums to let him in but his
brother Kyle, a security officer, escorts him off the premises.
Zach's attempts to talk to Beth fail. Zach's mom picks him up in
her car, with Erica in the backseat. Zach, however, uses a
condom, much to the dismay of Georgina. Zack Brown and Miri Linky
are roommates in Monroeville, Pennsylvania (a Pittsburgh suburb).
Zack Siler (Freddie Prinze, Jr) is the big man on campus at his
Southern California high school. Zack agrees, and as Delaney and
the cameraman Deacon explain, Zack learns that Miri never filmed
her sex scene with Lester. Zack and Benji make up and start a
relationship before beginning to make out too. Zack approaches
and attempts to befriend Laney in the hope of subsequently
transforming her into prom queen material. Zack befriends her
brother, Simon (Kieran Culkin), and in an attempt to stop this,
Laney agrees to go to the beach with him once. Zack confesses his
true feelings to Laney, and asks for forgiveness as well as the
chance to further their relationship, which she grants. Zack
finds Casey to talk to, but then finds out that Casey and Ryan
had both lied to him. Zack goes to Miri's apartment and reveals
to her that he never slept with Stacey; instead, they talked
about Miri all night. Zack in turn resumes his pursuit of Eve,
although his wife, Pearl, has begun to haunt Eve's bar hoping to
catch him with her, unbeknownst to Eve. Zack is dismayed when
Miri shows up and insists on shooting the scene as originally
planned. Zack manages to improvise a show with the Hacky Sack he
happens to carry in his pocket. Zack retools his film to take
place in the coffee shop, revamping the film to one with a coffee
shop motif, Swallow My Cockuccino. Zack then successfully
persuades her to attend a party at Preston's (Dulé Hill) house
the same night, and he employs his sister Mac (Anna Paquin) to
give her a makeover, transforming her into a stunning beauty.
Zack warns Mickey not to come back, before he goes to meet Eve,
but Eve in turn sends Zack away, telling him their affair is
over. Zack's friend, Dean Sampson, Jr. Zany hijinks ensue as the
staff try to one-up each other and win the prize while avoiding a
beating. Zarka (Ann Codee), Steve's ruthlessly strict ballet
teacher, forces him to wear a tutu and dance with the co-eds, but
Steve once again rises to the occasion. Zeke (Romany Malco) and
Mya (Meagan Good) arrive, with Zeke's womanizing past constantly
being brought up by old friends and former flames, including the
concierge at the hotel, who throws her drink in his face. Zeke
explains and apologizes to Mya for everything that's been going
on, and finally proposes to her; Mya accepts. Zelda meets Polly
the next morning and figures out the trick Orville played on her.
Zidler learns that Satine does not have long to live. Zidler
makes excuses to the Duke, claiming that Satine has gone to
confession ("Like a Virgin"). Zidler reiterates this warning to
Satine, but when she refuses to return, he finally informs her
she is dying ("A Fool to Believe"). Zidler tells Satine that to
save Christian's life, she has to tell him that she will be
staying with the Duke and she doesn't love him ("The Show Must Go
On"). Zikowski is left to determine who of the four claiming
guilt is the real perpetrator. Zoe (Jennifer Lopez) has given up
on finding the man of her dreams and decides to become a single
mother and undergoes artificial insemination. Zoe apologizes to
Stan and they begin to work things out. Zoe gives birth to twin
girls, one of whom they name Penny. Zoe is still uncertain
whether she is pregnant or not and if she should tell Stan. Zoila
and friends do the rain dance but she laughs and doesn't get the
smile they are asking for. Zoila and her friends are there, so
are Miggy's family. Zolotov has no wish to enter a duel with the
banker, and swears he must have been mistaken, since the girl he
knew was known to fake fainting to get a man's attention. Zooey,
meanwhile, has become suspicious of Sydney. Zoë (Heather McComb)
is a schoolgirl who lives in a luxury hotel. Zoë tries to
reconcile her divorced mother, a photographer (Talia Shire), and
father, a flute soloist.